You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can lie to you like farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that you fell somewhere else.
You just have to turn the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Blanks.
It's the complicated kind of circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Starbuck, Ohio.
When they hit until they beat every week in the bathroom of kids, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the bathroom of the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a police, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the Post Peer who said, "I need to see.
I'm destroyed that of adults we never get to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man that I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join me with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see it, we took up, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be sustainable.
We found it one place, we intervened, and we take care of it, and we took away from his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to meet me, he became a censorship box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle was closed, had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I told you was made up in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first temperatures.
I was amazed.
My heart was fast, I was should, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The temperatures around me saved the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow about another snow year after year.
The tumors are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice bar.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to redefine and stand up to the end, whereas others can't support it more and delivered in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a temperature, that you're isolated apart, and alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is the opposite.
As a tumor, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a temperature is released by free water water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these temperatures as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are so much that way and won't be going back to that way again.
It's not death when they melt down, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the temples that photography is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a temperature that I photographed in Keplers, Greenland.
It's kind of frequent to actually get a stranger temperature.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the tumor and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to robot, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is there.
This is a tribe of Greenland, average size.
It goes out of the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby. Okay.
So, two couples with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception themselves, you're not going to pay attention.
So let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the classroom.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the classroom.
They both understand and started life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my own activity to reach two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a hydrogen hypothesis, and what I study in this case is the way people love the anatomy -- you know, human bodies and animals -- how body fluid, the idea of the body -- what they have thought about the body.
The other role that I approach in my work is an activist, as a patients, or as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with similar twins, two people within a same body.
I've worked with people with engineering, people much lower than average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with athletic sex -- individuals whose physical psychology doesn't fit in male scars and conventional females.
On general lines, we can call it interesting.
Interviewers adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not filled in male or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual with X criminal base whose SRS gene from the chromosome and tells the promising, that we all have in the federal life, that become textures.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lack of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of inspiration to the breaks.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body develops by following a typical female course.
When it comes born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised like a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sisters, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and term, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women like men, like men, we have in the body something called super-controlled glasses.
They're in the back of the body.
The supermarket glands produce antibiotics, the hormone of male.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know his criminal structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the advice.
We produce antibiosits and answer the breads.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the advice that the woman who was born with textures that have the synthesizer of inspiration to the advice.
That's why sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the interesting ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a certain way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you would be very going to be a bird, and it was sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a kid and I just discovered that he had open and term.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a control spirit.
He had 20 chromosomes and in the uterus the super-contemporary glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, his genetics were missing, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component of it.
I was born with a child, no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having medical problems caused by the internal mental, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman.
Well, another quick example of a case of interesting.
Some people with 20th criminals develop what is known as obsolettes, which is to say, they have eye tissue wrapped into the thermal tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many sex.
The reason why children with these kind of bodies -- -- -- -- -- -- -- whether it's eventually, twin twins -- or interestingly, they are subjected to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that several surgeries are started is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly, to be black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
Really simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalyst.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born as two people within the same body.
The most solid case is last year with South African corner with the Starbuck Semise County, he was put on trial on trial in the Berties International Games in Berlin.
Many journalists called to ask ourselves, "What are you going to do to do to determine whether Cassini Semise is man or women?"
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a table between men and women or between men and interesting and women and women and women and women and women and women and women.
So what we have is a situation where the more progress the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought were stable anatomic categories that are corresponded directly with stable identity categories -- they're much more dramatic than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we get into a Scottish terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we learn about the fact that we can differentiate from them in just a few nuclear people?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we are probably going to be about are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of the biodiversity of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States of today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the photos.
There are very elaborate discussions today -- not in public.
Our ancestors never had to go to this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put in front of the nose and if he moved still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of really determining somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation that we don't have the simple categories in the past.
And maybe think that this show explosion could make someone like me.
I am a progression, I am preparing people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
You can find that these categories are much more unstable.
It has the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a far fan of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each other so much watching that music covering "7576," and not by music, which is totally impossible.
That's why it happened in 1778 with the founding parents.
The founding fathers were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another which was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers what our founding fathers were realizing was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old people of the old world didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of the birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came into political power by the right of blood transmitted from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They looked at the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the atomic differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illusion system where they were looking at two things.
He was looking at democracy and at the same time was born.
And it is very clear, if we look at the story of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading out of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a very vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were taking up the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women were surrounding.
Then he came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Subaring Toronto, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We find men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who appeal to the analytical coincidence on the atomic difference and again, they succeeded again.
We see the same with the Disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence. We need to start asking ourselves, why do we keep certain slides.
But attention, I want to keep some anti-programmers in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should be giving to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five-year-old children should be allowed to have sex relationships or marry them.
There are some anatomic division that for me makes sense and that I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings focused on the beginning of this talk.
We have two creatures, both of them focused on the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time -- on June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that we have been born three months before Mary is attributed to all three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the voice, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We find other rares in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's 86, in the virtue of being considered man now is possible for mandatory performance of the fact that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science move so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could deliver them?
I don't want to give science to science, but at the same time, I feel like science is escaped.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of a practical attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man not have to have chromosomes, and that to marry a woman has to be chromosomed.
Now, in practice, they don't make criminal tests.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome of insections to the breaks.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have developed a solution.
It says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin, but at the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea seems very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character.
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know from some of the dollars that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some saddles that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and marketers about their sexual relationships that people of 40 who I know.
So how do you put the issue of character content?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is wondering what if the character of a person could in the future be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance magnetic.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this current thinking of thinking about the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is suspended to be killed, unless it's willing to be used to a sex change, which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to you about a couple years ago that had made light twins and then separate them and then raise their fame to it.
But when the phone was asked by the reason that the operation was -- I was a very risky operation -- I was told that in that other country these children would be very missing, and so I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum rather than the superintendent separation?"
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people who are without forcing them to change the state of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to end up I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- which is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic photographers, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in interestingly, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about sustainable studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
I was years ago, when I was in the court, one of my advisers I knew that I was interested in feminism -- I was considered a feminist -- like now -- made me an odd plant.
Tell me what the feminism is.
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with declining gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminist."
But the more I think about his question, the more it seems to me that there is something female in feminism for me.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attractive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very keen to find a way to protect people in the part of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the replacement of receptain.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy, think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect meeting, we think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work and have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now we are far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just to take them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were properties and that the other half still would be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by making ample in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem you're going to face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the nuisance and the distributions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those amazing.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate building rather than putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new big reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Hands.
They knew that every year about 75,000 speakers would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hanson went through a desperate cognitive crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter wolves is absolutely imposed with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Oscar to be his chief barbecue.
Meanwhile, I was preparing me to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of perfection and trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current respects of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as to progress. And usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's try this to the leaders of our country."
So in December, we met in Miami in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, see it, territories that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where you start with tuned terrain terrorism, a state that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hanson called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
I was asked to go to Germany and talk about about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennind and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennett.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the heroes that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world is completely adapted.
The public faces were very serious and attack.
The congress leader came to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that might be able to be in Hans, rather than hundreds of miles away.
And I also include new options for leaders.
Because the Hondlesches government leaders would need help from the Harvard government help, they could benefit from the countries that help them to establish and make the status rules of the status so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively completely put together.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily get a thousand square miles.
And shortly after the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to make his constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allows these special development regions.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional Amendment was 125 to one.
All of the parties, all the factors in society, restricted it.
In order to include in the constitution, you have to take two times in Congress.
The 17 of February was passed again in another vote, from 1412 to one.
Immediately after the voting of 21 to 24 of February, a delegation of about 30 horses was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's being built in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything that you see there was built in four years, after four years ago, getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practically, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow administrators to come and at once allowed the to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow your Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new judicial system.
There are urban constructions and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that want to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
There are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change elsewhere.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job, sometimes they are silly mothers that have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even there are children who are trying to meet their parents that they haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Hondy?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it look like to think about insisting so that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new resistance?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my horsey friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is, I'm going to make a public confession -- which is that, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog broad broadcaster, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of colleagues of thumb and second hand.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my hole in the environment and my wallet.
I get to meet interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my aspect is unique, and buy it into my personal search for telescopes.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
will it be from my star?
Am I going to like color?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my value -- I want to tell you what I took for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of interior clothes, and nothing else.
The interior clothes for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Spirits.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in indigenous clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost always see it female for less than 50 dollars.
All of the together, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Londs: Color is power.
It's almost physically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is selected.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Mirrors: Nice of the child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the discoveries, or I remember their little seven years.
I like to show you and say, "Thank you.
You see, trust is key.
If you think you see something good with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't see something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for no one of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Viewers: One universal truth six words for you: the golden lens go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, develop a personal style and only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week simply because of what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant thinking, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and search for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the attitude of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these extreme ends, but I think for most of the attempts in this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I think of one of those people, that just as most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need a lot of logic to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them and then we see how they react to, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just one place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion of it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught a valuable lesson, which is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it quantum mechanics.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody ever saw a particles.
But it also wasn't good at my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't you all follow the principles of quantum mechanics that shouldn't all follow.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a pretty good approach to the small metal trip.
What we see is a little bit of metal a little bit of metal transplant, and that sleeps on a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this piece of nature pilot that is found underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum superpower, but for it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to stop doing those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or actually start.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of the journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that we put it and the wind that goes on their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree per absolute zero.
Now, by being just on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moving in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was violating, and the way it was like a breathing in this shape -- like a footprint that expands and contract.
And when you give it a smooth push, we could make it vibrate and doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does that mean is a virus and not at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trips of atoms that make that piece of metal are strangers, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are aligned.
In the rest of time they're disconnected.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth learning in a clean room to do this for all of those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the difference as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks to it.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was discovered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things around you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep root of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is American.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to the museums and art to my boss that is here and that allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, you know, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo here.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is just explaining in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I started learning a lot.
And working at Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than showing the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just go to Gulfish.
Look around all the museums that there is.
There's the Galler galleries -- the Mommy, the Emilian, the Russians, the van Gogman.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metaltime, the art museum in New York.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and shore, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where you are, Bombay, or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move out there and they move.
Would you want to navigate for the museum.
We open up the flat, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They follow forward. They disappeared.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Copenhagens of Peter British in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the methodology information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call giant technology.
So this picture, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 billion.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pieces?"
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pieces.
It can do it around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to go deep.
So I started play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I walked in, and I discovered that children were actually playing something.
I looked a little bit, I talked to some of the Metropolitan people, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "done and the break of the Carnegie Sea.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get you even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go away with the image, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another of my favorites, "The North Starburty."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this master work?
It increases it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the star night." I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Professors."
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a marker, that gives the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of "The "Dear, we just made a pump around.
It's about "The Ambathrears at the London National Gallery in London.
You can take things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you put these masterpieces together.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, even they don't even come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes justice to its artwork and it's represented properly online.
And the big question they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pigeon, a flying pigeon.
In our lab, we call it responsive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of your bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting is in the careers of France 1 in the last two decades.
A few time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of French 1, you took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good, you won the race.
This is what you know, in engineering is called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a action.
The interesting thing is that real control systems are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're becoming computer computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
So to address cities is a big thing.
As I noticed that cities are only two percent of the planet on the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Albert for the end of the year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Mother Tower: The TED "The Mellon.
Well, our objects, the environment, they start to speak.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms would become sensors and active.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo school sculpt the Moses, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- and he still can see a little square below -- and he said screaming, "Delt not shooting?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to tell us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, inspired in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer surface of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup Court.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end Zimbabwe gave the head.
And anyway, the end won Italy.
Now let's look at what happened that day looking at activity happening on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Color in the middle and the Toron River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early afternoon, there are people over here and there are called, moving around.
It starts the party: silence.
French from France, Opt.
Entertainment, people make a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of time regulated.
First time, secondary time.
Zimbab, and at a moment, my head.
won Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate it into the center.
There you see the great peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Circus Massachuse where, from the Roman period, people are going to celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the pulse of the city can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection, it's not about people, but of things that we use and use.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they find.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in their deployment for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would be there.
Then we put a little chip on them, a tag -- to the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of implications in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
Things are happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we draw one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Steven Bible, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Sahara.
It started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a coffee and values, sole valves -- lengths that open and shut up.
It's created like a water curtains with water pieces.
If you feed the pixels you can write in them, you can show patterns images, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bellect.
He liked it a lot.
It demands a commission to design the building to the expert of the Experiment.
We call it Digging of Diggian water.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you get around it is open so you can go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the satisfactions, you lower the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Delt the building."
No, it's not that you have demonstrated it, but when you look at almost all the architecture goes away.
Here is actually working.
You see the people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying not to go through the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Sahara came to the building, because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let go on, but a building that kept making short and holes and water holes and you had to jump down to not move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was really interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give them to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels and water pixels and projections on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw earlier, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels that change.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D to which you can zoom in, and you can go on, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Florida controlled, going down to form a View, like before.
When the light goes on, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bollywood -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Metropolitan star in New York and the Silicon Silicon -- to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitized in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and robotics.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called La cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like a big box, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody drop a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last two years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, of the self-organizing power of networks, to physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're pickles.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered by pieces.
You can move around, having different experiences.
You can see from below, to be able to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just some changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- by a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in a better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safer of self.
What about to live more with good health?
Or maybe be from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else is it?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
Audience Member: Creativity: creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
It would probably be the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would do memory the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most of them. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a perception here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED Dubo, who also communicated in the Orchard Russian Church, wrote a trial called "Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of evolution."
But if they effectively accept biological evolution consider this, it's just about the past, or the future?
Does others mean or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an end, it is, of course, the one that we get interested in.
We did a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of minimals.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
I might seem to be very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein changing, which comes out of the patterns.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all have the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Dead raises you about autonomy -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, side, it's very exchange.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort from their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional infrastructure of some power to the hall.
But therefore, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you going to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symptom of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief common, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entropy part of this talk, so I hope that they have enjoyed it.
When I was coming to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every single cell is just divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two children children.
But when the multicellular organisms appear -- things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the intensity of death in the body comes into evolution at the same point of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sexuality, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that went on, and every year I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burgers, who still acted in Las Vegas right in their 90 years.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, it's a magnificent little dancing dance of clothes.
And he looks at him and he says, "Come on for a sex sport."
"Okay, he says, "Get George, I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to regain health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reflection rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level, and then leave the sea.
I think we would all understand the sense of Wood Allen when he said, "I don't want to get immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the better creatures adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean the fishery bacteria that can survive the heat of the threats that would produce, if there were fish there, fish hit the vacuum yet, yet they've managed to do that a complainted environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we can think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say that there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been disconnected and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've set up our environment to adapt to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrate, and we make up so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that a traditional kind of evolution is produced by the forces of the natural the nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are reaching slowly, but they're inevitable.
And in terms of isolation -- when as a species we connect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility -- an amazing and intriguing possibility.
I call it neurological, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more versions than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes, or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or remove the adoption?
Would you want to do those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand 13 years.
It cost two billion dollars.
Next year, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost near the 20,000 and in a week.
I'm not going to take a lot of the human genome to make the human genome for a thousand and be more and more of all time.
These changes.
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
You believe it or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against culture in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good to get out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your desert?
What if they could change the sperm and the villages, or change the newly founded value, and giving their children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, eliminating humanitarian, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt superstars -- a better memory.
Why not have the engineering of a Ken Jennifer especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine Washington?
Why not have a faster contribution muscle that allows us to run faster and more different?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irrelevant.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted before the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to be in front of them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more consider?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robotic and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions sanitation?
For good or for evil, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by doing click, click, click.
Clean, click, click, click. It sounds terrifying.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting at the 16th.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds.
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot adds the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
Turn the motors off.
Imagine being in a plane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most unfortunate words I've ever heard.
He said, "Preter for the impact."
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was a terror. Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people that I wanted to get in, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that further, I came up with a sentence, which is, "Picture wine wine."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were looking at the George Washington Bridge who wasn't a lot -- I thought, "Oh, I really feel a great weigh in it.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also gave place to my ego.
And I slow the time it wasted in things that don't matter with people that matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to get right. It chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock goes down, "15, 14, 13."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please go."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those papers.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Amy, die not scary.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness will be shown in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degree -- not much artistic talent --  And I scream, cry, like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For about all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle, not dying that day.
And it became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live differently.
You guys are flying today, the challenges that you imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please don't like this -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would you do, that you still hope to do because you think they're going to live forever.
How do you change your relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that they can.
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked in was for this guy.
The guy called TEDTalk.
TED was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
He came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel a horse in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDTalk has a total paralysis, today.
It can only use your eyes.
Their work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to pate Tony Tometh, TEDTalk, and their cause.
So I went and reunited with his brother and father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?"
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that --  -- I saw Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those advances?"
And he said, "No, unless you're someone important and you have a very good insurance can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Anybody see the movie "The Falcon and the mark?"
They communicate like that -- they are doing it with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can you be?"
So I introduced myself with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
And I committed to his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to speak, and Tony is going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate it."
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS "Prayer Leader," who has a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then, with a laser point, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a life cycle.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so much of the way to move things on the other side of the side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine for TED to be able to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Yeah, because talking to the guy gets an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally from all the corner of the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the garage and these hackers and programmers and conservations and conservations took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we returned to have taken the frames of the walls and in their place would have graffiti in their place.
But for two weeks we said, we went to the Verion Sea Campaign -- my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called Edentian "The White, and you can see the description here.
They're a couple of stream galleries that we buy in the Marine Beach comet -- some of the copper wire and things of Homo Department and Radio Shah.
We take a PSA camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- you build it yourself. We published the free code, the software is fundamentally low.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say, "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this block and self-section during the great information.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming senses all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of parking from the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and he would imagine what was the feeling in the parking parking room.
The funny thing was that we had to screw in parking so we felt like we were legitimating graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathed.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle -- is that in April this year at the McLuhan Gulf at the center of Los Angeles, there will be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best entrepreneurs of urban art, Alan Favor, CANS, all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the Mission, the School -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything from this room.
I am not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something we have to do -- if it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who is that?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years going on in generally very difficult situations and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked in a coal mine, dangerous.
I film in areas of war, hard and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in horrible appearance situations with the only goal of trying to try to look at social questions in ways that are active and interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that you see entreprented and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I'd come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the paper I wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or no, a couple weeks ago, I took an airplane in Ebola.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered to sell the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the following: "The "Star Son NASA: My TEDTalk presented -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what is about and content could explode it in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company by doing it.
But I said this is a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how much people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a progress in progress.
So even with that wild I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Scott: I want to make a film that deals with product place, marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded with products and marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest movie "The Most Benera" Mother."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold is that everything on top of the bottom is that all the way down, it has brand images, all the time, from the assumption that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Chambal Statue, the States Center.
These people are going to be associated to the film on the period -- forever.
And so the film explores this whole idea. (Music Katrina: It's a reduction. Is it? (MT: Is it reduced.
I'm a redundant weight. KT: I just say that. It was more for guys.
It was "The "East." It was "the "Earth."
But we're not just going to have the panel of the X brand on the title but we're going to make sure we take all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe you've ever used.
The most cool car you've driven in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best suit you've ever drank of the movie of "The largest movie ever selling."
Range Kouck: The idea is then besides showing you the brands as part of life, make them fund the film? MS: Do you fund the film -- MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the full film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film of beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that. It's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Gulf: However, I don't know how much the people are going to be.
KB: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Intelligence is very negative, but you know how it's going to recover? MS: No idea. David Charles: How much money does it take to do this?
MS: One and a half million -- (Am -- DH: All right. John Kame: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
KB: Who knows, maybe for the moment that movie comes out, we see a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rodleyer: Most answers will be no."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... means you're not very optimistic.
So do they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. KS: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what marks are.
MS: Yeah. KS: That's the challenge: When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MT: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that the camera came up meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
It turns out the camera means, "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed. I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, making so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell you that new vehicle of attention that is going to lead the message to mass mass mass.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garbanon error and that mistake was this.
It actually didn't have such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you search for the transfer images at Google --  -- this is one of the first images that show up.
I like your way of robotics, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen, easily understanding, which is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line of maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs are named.
But all of a sudden when it's about making it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, the transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still goes up.
It's unprecedented.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it ridicule?
Take an entire amount of County Walk.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you count our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kirstries from many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the Internet and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, huge, giant films and many people who make small movies, independent films, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies -- giant millions, say that the reason their films have so much success is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movie military?
And the movie is called "The Great Month Level."
How are we going to look specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the short Bang.
At any point during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you fine for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And there was one of these fabulous friends.
As much "Fund" as "Free From Parker, they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid -- to ball, to back, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a lovely look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Just like the smallest type of movies you tell -- we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brand.
So doing things like this, you know, remind people to be the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the air.
Man: We talked about something bold -- free.
I think "freedom is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus combination and submersible."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep you free? With better free, more frustrating, three times more fresh.
Things like those who have the benefits of benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-to-construction company.
What about me? What about a common?
I need to talk to the man from the street, people like me, to the common Pennsylvania.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand back?
Man: My brand market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: revive the 1980s, panelocked punishment unless it's a washing day.
MS: Okay, what is Garden the Grey?
Gurden: Something unique. (MS: One: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have as a dark galaxy."
I like dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like criticism and similar scars.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation," Mercedes Ben.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I would call this case fly."
Woman 2: In part of his hyena, in part of the page, in part Britain, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of males.
You sell to self-destructure toys in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I delivered the market.
Man 5: Architectural market failed.
Is that?
Adaptation: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tammber.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, but I often rank in the intersection of dark glamour and classic flying."
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality."
And I found a company called Olivers Zacabying in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, February, Hallari to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Approacher: Traveled the photos. Right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live -- like the people around you, your family, your family, the way your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird stuff. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about -- what does that serve us?
What's the magic? What phase do you find now?
Why is it important to recognize? What does the red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's a little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had.
There is no fear of fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Ah! (Audience: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (MT: Great job. A: Yes. (MT: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Linken Zacano: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely completely in your brand personality, the brand Morgan Scott is a constant brand.
They are very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or on the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not safe, they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is the classic. Apple.
And you can see it also here to Taliba, Wiki, Minister of Minister Cooper and Jethine.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come together but a little bit of light brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A little little bright. What is your brand for?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a ancient attraction? Are you somebody who makes blood flow.
Or are you rather an argument attack?
A little bit more calculated, restricted, conservation?
The advanced attributes are like being law to be fresh like the Princeton, contemporary adventure, adventure, or audience like Erra Florida, fast or agile -- professor, dominant, magic or mystical like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than discussion attracting you?
Are you conscious -- are you sort of a 700?
Are you established, traditional providers, protected protection, do you identify Open?
Are you confident, stable, family, confident, safe, safe, pleasant or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Japan?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and architects and discussions, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of the desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing and movie centers.
We went to San Paulo. Where they have banned free air advertising.
In the entire city over the last five years, there are no cards, no flowers, no flowers.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing road in schools with liquid problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the ones that I've had more success are those that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took up the internalists, they took their agencies out, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did you succeed.
Well, since the film is started in the Swiss Festival of Subarity, let's take a look.
According to French the film is standing in January and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 billion printers in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film still didn't move.
It's still not online. It's not in satellite.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talk about was being used to their customers not being part.
I've always believed that if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get to people that are pushing them into the failure.
I think when you train their employees in the venture of the risk at risk you're preparing all your company to lack of rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a shower at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to help transparency.
Now more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said that, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We Abroved the Transportation," has been presented by my good friends of ELM who by 7,500 bought the rights of the name in Ebola.
SM: To become big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM presents "We "And Spring the Transition."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgen, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 7,500 7,500 7,500 people?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name to the name of the TED Marine organization, the Salamarian Foundation, a chest by 757 to be applied to my TED attention of the next year.
The idea behind the Scotted computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Urita exercise plant in Nature.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we manage to compromise these systems that control speeds and values, we can cause a lot of problems with centralization.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we can put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind the Starburk.
We started with a Windows spoofer.
The girl goes into the gray box, damage conference, and the nuclear nuclear program is demonstrated, mission as well.
It's easy, there?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching on Stearan six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of it, and the installed instrument used multiple defense vulnerability.
It seemed like wanting to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Starbuck and saw what happened with this.
So they went through very strange things.
Starbuck was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese like, I wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese savannas, I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely really driven."
The instrument is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that location.
If not, Starbuck doesn't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would find the goal soon.
So we extracted and we disconnected the code of attack, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the points that I will attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Scotted install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code of attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like old endangered language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we look for temperatures and data structures and try to relate them with the real world, with potential targets in the real world.
We need theories on distributions that we can approve or destroy.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent savage, it must be a valuable white, and it's certainly located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been represented.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National emergency plant.
So I told my assistant, "Get a list of all the experts in controls and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I told them in an effort to get their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital scale with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the conference, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this robot, you can certainly beat it up and even make your centralization explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital eye looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 16 speeds on that code, you can't be obviously.
And I started researching scientific literature about how these centrality is built in Nature and found that they're structured in what's called a calculator, and each waterfall contains 140 centralizations.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it was better yet.
These creditions in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code.
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that you didn't have to have massively, it didn't.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in streets with no salt, and we had to start back.
Yet, we discovered that both digital eyes were pointing on one and same goal, but from different angles from different angle.
The little girl is taking a waterfall and making the robot turn and relax them, and the big one communicates with six waterfall and manipulating values.
In short, we're very confident that we have determined what the hell is.
It's Nature, and it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry about that other targets are hit by Stanford.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box and the control of the conferences.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false data inside.
And I believe or not, these fake data data is predicted by Starbuck.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is predicted by a president video.
Is it great that?
The idea here is obviously not just to make the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, on an energy plant, when the big steam turbine goes out of speed, you have to open scarce valves in a military.
Obviously, this can't do this a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to them, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And not the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to do specifically, with centralization, with uranium mission.
It could work too, for example, on an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's great.
And you don't have like "taken atomic: that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
To disseminate it as possible.
And if you do that, what you end up is with a massive destruction of destruction.
That's the consequence that we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rall, has been made public in many sides that people assume that the Museum is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay. Do you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that the Museum is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superstar.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, lucky.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for emotionally. Thank you, Ralaye.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give us subjective skills -- or one that makes you use of wheelchair users to get up and walk back.
In "Are Berkeley Biopsychotics," we call these robots, exhibits.
They are nothing different than something you put in the morning, gives you a great strength, which also increases your speed, and help you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not just that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on their back a 45-year-old charge -- and it's going to be demanding even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to connect this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help us handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the U.S. -- or cover Universal Human Camera.
Soldier: With the Hugoscies explosions, I can cover 90 pounds for variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in chickens to drag and execute movement with great galaxy.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Ethiopia Berner: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people right now, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is moving quickly quickly.
Their only option, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complications -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful application, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Eleasons who is using Amanda Boltzmel who was using a lesion in the spine column, and as a result I could not walk back for 19 years, so far.
Lama Bollywood: Thank you.
EB: So Amanda is using our Eleas, he mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invasive in the molecules that send signals to the computer of the edge, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give power to the motors in the cards, and in the knees and the knees and they make it progress with this soft and very natural search.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, because of a strange jump in the air, scanning cost was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all feeling and all movement of the pelvis.
A little bit later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Man, never go again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last piece of hope of my being.
The adaptive technology since then, I've allowed you to learn to get down costs down on scars, climbing rocks and even riding in the hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the lives to future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Lamame, and all the wheelchair users all over the wheelchair, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say Hi, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Man Archie or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos of the Congolese rainforests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for advocation.
But unfortunately, we've done too much in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, land, bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence has not been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tension itself -- a violent conflict that has been provided for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by making the trees.
Who are these prime?
We know them as the apes "Have love, not war, because they have frequent sex and promising and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity, because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kamby Supreme.
Books, like humans, love to play along their life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance to it.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of the laughter, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a bone book game, and I don't talk about football play.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it has a ball of chest."
Just that I think in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common both in Bonobos and in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- as the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more salary, imaginations, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is.
And I want you to see -- this is Further, a young female -- he's playing with water with water.
I think, as she does, we sometimes play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adoption of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we learn the maximum of our player?
The game is not fresh.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans by the way, life is not just cruel and delight.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent thing.
And so first of all, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Home.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain assistant in a body of volunteer bomb.
And in our city, where volunteers are completely qualified by a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the fire site very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a racing race against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- he was faced with a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the last night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paradox, in paint, while her house was on fire.
The other volunteer that I just arrived before I -- let's call it Lego Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog. I was so cleaner."
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell the people who went into a building building to save a living living to be living for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a gun.
He said, "Besses, I need you to go home.
I need to go up, and I went through the fire, and I brought this woman a couple of shoes a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that that high or less had finished off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my head back on the staircase where I met my Nike and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We pulled out of the house for the owner of home where, as I was to expect, his thesis received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of the home giving them by the brave effort that was shown to save her house.
The kindness that she looked at on the other way was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
And so much in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer bomb I'm witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have done, or they are for making remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give me now.
They serve food in a dining match, a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's lives.
So they enter the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark.
Mark Bees: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit into each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges -- a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LEMA came this.
It was called an automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the Legos crafts came to all the home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the concrete block in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to adapt to announced, the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead us from a world of aesthetic brick to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger circuits and more complex, a brick at once.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Libraries.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little literaries are electronic modules each of a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through magnets together.
So you can't put it wrong.
The brick has a color code.
The green is the salt, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wing.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an interactive light.
We add this guy to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, Little Little Librarians are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and soldiers, Little allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Little Little bits is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to reading bricks to use.
lights, sound, solar panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Libs to children to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day you don't learn in schools.
For example, how does a night work, or why the door door holds open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Litters to design schools.
So for example, designers without an electronic experience start playing with Little Little Libraries as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and film, we have George creating.
Methodo sounds)  A few weeks ago we took Litters to design School design School designers who have no experience in engineering, just card, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that has done, a convenience of confused conference by motion.
But wait, here is my favorite project.
It's a language made of platform that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Little Little Little Librarian became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be the scope of everyone.
So Little Little has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking for involved with the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue better we leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they're supposed to do, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Come for America and would be like a Peace Buddha for technologies.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with medicines.
Instead of sending them into the Third World we send them to the wild world world.
They made great applications. They worked with the municipal employees.
His task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know All.
It's a bit of the city of Boston City.
So here comes as if you look for a quote, but what really looks for is somebody clean it when it gets caught by snow because it knows it's not very good at taking fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask this single way?
Last year in Boston had a team of members of Code for America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was a lot of a sudden last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these heroins.
But one of the members called Erik Michelle noticed something else -- that citizens cleaned the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he made any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application in which you can adopt a headline.
You accept cleaning it up when you can.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, somebody can steal it.
You know, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 applications scheduled last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it extends in a viral way.
A responsible for systems from the city of the city of Hollywood when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami shows.
It's very important that these tools work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So he asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens leave the short degrees.
And Chicago has just launched it to make people record to clean up the sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you will know that this doesn't happen.
So software acquisition typically takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done by the normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days, and it spread very viral is a kind of warning trick to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways to work, not as in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions in open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the issue of the government that has the new generation, not as a problem of an awkward institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Carolina for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain about it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if you leave the feelings about politics, the line at the DVDs -- and all of those other things that make us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Rulie: what we do together because we can't only can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government is.
And since the government is ultimately emotional from us -- remember that of us, the people -- how to think about it to affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is to choose people to take care of charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that government is about everything about cracks.
This is the telephone care center of services and information.
This is the place that serves the calls if you mark 311 in the United States.
Scott caught this call.
I joined "Printer "Charity at the official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, you can open the door doors in the house, put good music and see if you go?"
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the skills.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and websites and mobile, called Children Connection."
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people from the New Urban Journal Office of Boston.
One day, this was really going on -- this is a question: "Crash in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to stretch?"
The dynamics of Cipility Connection is different.
Scott was talking about person.
In Chinese Connecticuts, everything is public, so everyone can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zealand? Yes. Video? Yes.
I went home. I went home.
Good evening, street street."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to the distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to be automatically authentically authenticated and helping others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
It connected the two people.
And it could have connected them with the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animals control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hopefully the government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
And below is what we call business.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that destiny that keeps us that we fund as something that operates in our contract, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensors.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy be sexy.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We need to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Gulf movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the assembly of the SETI Children's -- on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resisted to the government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't get out of government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the function of government so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act manipulating, only is that the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to hear your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use their hands to improve our communities.
It can be climbing a headlight, taking bad, moving a garbage cube that has a screen inside.
Of course, we could always clean those heroes and lots of people doing it.
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we're not just consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of you, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a human human cup of hands.
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and on death row.
I've spent most of my life in marker communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here have impact all over the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have any other way.
I mean this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you're taught with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, but it's a charitable thing, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a mathematician, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong. It had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born on slavery in Virginia, about 1848.
She was born about 1880s and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but she was also loving too.
When I was a little, and I looked at her, she came to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so fortunate I could barely breathe, and then I was silent.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at it, and he was like, "Brad, still feel my open?"
And if I said no, I was grabbed again and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the under 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up, and he took me out of the room, and he took me out of his hand and said, "Come on Brand. The two will be converted.
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Brad, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody to anyone."
I said, "Okay, Mahm."
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brad."
I said, "You know, Mark."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother."
Addiction: "She is my daughter, and you have to promise me that always will be carefully."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing as right as the right thing is hard."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South. I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, my brother came home with a six blood park, I don't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got the crazy madness.
He took a beer submersible, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer."
My brother said, "Come on today. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a beer."
And I got up with force and said, "Oh, not to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mom, "Mahmoud tells all of the grandchildren that are special.
I was drawn.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to other people who don't really make sense of it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the promotion.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to get in, we had to commit us.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much destination, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black people between the 18 and the 30 years is in jail or in parole.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all young color people are in jail or in parole.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that brings you much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, but it's wealth for the results.
And it seems to be very quiet.
Fear policy and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you have to do right for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has lost directly the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they tap the law right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it felt to 13 children to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, without chance of coming out of it.
Right now we are in the process of some little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little ones.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death run.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, we have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the crime common?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed people, one which is innocent that it's excited and liberated from the death of death.
A market of error, amazing. An innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never be allowed to pick up planes if every nine who would go off, one would have to be started.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time I started at the end of the rebuilding and that lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being climbed.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you talk about talks -- I give people to stop saying that in our history we read for the first time with terrorism, after 1150."
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grow with that."
The era of terrorism went on, obviously, with security and decades of racial subjective and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage ourselves with a real and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's really concerned to hear what you say."
Addiction: "We have no death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never have this here."
The room was in silence and a lady said, "There is no way with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we and intelligent and deliberately, we would be able to run people."
I reflected about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, would run to people, especially if they were in their most Jews their lives?
We could not tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you actually don't care about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are -- however, you are involved in.
We love innovation.
It's fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are regulared by suffering, abuse abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, greater engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the bread, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
The development is coming not just about brain ideas.
These things come from ideas also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the bright and stronger, but also the dark and the hard.
Vaccino Hayday, the great head leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, but primarily what we needed was hope, a willingness to be in despair sites and being trial."
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must commit us.
There's no disconnect about technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Park.
These women came together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carolina called me, to say, "Brad," comes the Park lady. We're going to meet to speak.
You want to come and listen to me?"
I said, "I know lady. I know I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "Leave them.
So I went and just listen to them.
It was very minimal, very light.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks came to me and said, "Now Brian -- let me tell you that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help the people who have been doomed together.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty thing.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end the massive climbing.
I gave it all my best speech, and when I ended up looked at me and said, "You name me."
And he said, "They will be enabled, very excited.
At that time, Ms. Caribrel leaned up, put her finger in the face and said, "This is why you have to be very but very valued."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a bright.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a boss.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's how it isn't.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very lighting, very strange, we're not going to judge us for our technology, by our designs and our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not like the way they treat the rich, powerful and privileged ones, but as they treat the poor, the conductors, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
In occasions, I feel free. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I have tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting in a lot of surface.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 year-old customers who have been used to play them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't it?
The judge was held as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was wake up thinking -- by God, if the judge can turn you into something you don't have, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brand, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a mouth.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a small one, poor, black.
I started working on the mountain, with an encourage that said, "Machine for my 14 year-old black client is treated as a 75 year-old privilege, executive of a corporation."
In the mountain I had been able to have a behavioral behavior in autonomy, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was one line on the way in this country there is no ethical but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that insignificant mountain would be a dream.
For my horror, I had not only reduced it, but I had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I went into the car and felt really glacier, added.
I went in the car to the light.
I thought this would be very difficult and permanent.
I finally came down from the car. I walked into the light.
I was climbing out the stairs, when I met a senior black man, was the creation of the light.
When he saw me, he came to me and he said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Are you lay?" I said yes.
So I get closer and hug me.
And I stand in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was a miracle.
That became deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this bear mount?"
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all inspired.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came to the posters that were applied, the automobiles.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the robot of the eye I went to see the thought that he was going to come and come.
I looked down the window, and I was able to hear all that graph.
I kept walking around and there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the break, a cotton assistant was shown because the conservation had entered the room.
The attendance was shooting on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black black stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "Come into this audience room to tell this young man who kept her view in the objective with prime."
I have come to TED today, because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it's folding towards justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity have to take away to free, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that you keep the view in the goal with a female.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities close to it.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be this spring in which an effort is going to be done in order to restore the funds that are spent today in police policies.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, the 47 percent of the homicide cases don't include rockets.
Fifty percent of the rape are not coming to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reform is going to propose that these funds are delivered to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge deal in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you tell those who think that is this?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase is in the prison population.
And we let us convince the real rest of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perfect, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, rather than getting those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of the crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brad, you've been excited today here.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Cochlear, they grow the threats for the death of Bin Laden.
Cocation 2: Facebook in Somalia, Cochlear 3: The police is properly pay O.C.
Cocaine 4: Stranger Carts. Complete 5: Reduction Crossings.
Compass 6: Social decoration. Compass seven, 65 dead dead.
Coca 8: Terminal of tsunami, crazy 9." </s> Charles.
Several cockroaches: War to the nationality, mass destruction. Torad.
Recent recently. Bank.
Crisis. death. Desert.
Oh, my God."
Peter Dames, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, a counterparty of the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press means prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day, our senses get so much more data than the brain probably can process.
And because nothing is more important to survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called administrator.
The amygdala is our early warning detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories will prefer to look at the negative.
That old man from the press, "If there is blood, sells, it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it is not surprising that we are pesticides.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world goes from evil in worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe, in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, water scarcity and energy.
As human beings, we're very good at average problems, and in the long time, we end up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, the average per capita income has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communication, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pins showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennet that global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today, in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, babies, refrigerations, television, mobile air and cars.
The brown magnets of the past century, the employees on the planet, they would never have dreamed with such light.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and double price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how smooth it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in a sense.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the great challenges.
And even though it's graduated in a law on the left, it goes up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to the Moore's Law horizontal, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autobiosity call infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production all over the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, national medicine.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Watson of Watson, of BMI?
It was picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline to be.
And I loved this one: "Watts" beat human opposeds."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
It plays with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called "Now University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have solid sound.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and becoming abundant.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a High III story in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Siso.
Napoleon troops ate with plate covered and the Gallery same National Collaborator.
But the king of Sir, I ate with aluminum collaborators.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's more than gold and platform.
That's why the tip of the memorial to Washington is aluminum alien.
You see, although the aluminum is the 9,000 percent of the Earth mass -- it doesn't come like pure metal.
It's linked by oxygen and signats.
But then he came up with electricity and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as a destination.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about power scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a planet that is bad for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 towers of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but of access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the screen of sleep," 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the late decade in the United States, solar electricity cost six cents a classroom per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance as well.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl San pointed on the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn.
So I took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A pale blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought by 25 percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the nanotechnologists.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the brocal -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do -- his technology called Solars -- you know, you know -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source water, contaminated water, a lettering -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in the world in 2005 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is populated by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to have a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that nobody could ever have ever predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video, images, books and music libraries -- now they are democratized and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when the health applications are born.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Finguity Foundation something called the X Relax Month Regret, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they speak with, and because it has AIDS, they can take blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where mobility load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device comes up with a virus of RNA or DNA that I didn't recognize -- call the health of health, and first of all, avoid that the pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before the global conversation.
What would these people?
What do you get? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the greatest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And you will get more health to the Rioty of a better education with the Academy Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud to be more productive than ever before.
What can give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health.
How about a few voices never before you?"
What if we give the oppressed. wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What are these three billion bits?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Florida.
It was at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out how the protein will be.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today's recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take up the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the brown innovation.
We have the capital of technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a couple of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the melting point of the game.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1812.
You might believe that you would chase permissions, but it wasn't like that.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the member.
It was a lot of time to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red River of the UC.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoner.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story also illustrates another concept -- the contract of the waist.
Because I was there in 1977 studying a rise in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate me.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The algae was surrounded by palm pales, and as you can see, from a few manuscripts.
There were the tapes of about 20 inches -- the black bar talent.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and was going on for a good moment, so it was made more than the average in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had dropped in half.
It was media at five centimeters market.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the search fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s -- Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development assumed to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Music four.
I went out to fish on it, and we did studies in southern China Sea and above all, at the Aral Sea.
What we captured was something incredible.
So now I know, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on some remains -- remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was shortened.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom is going to be a solid cord of coral, in this case, to be a platform.
This is a dead tort.
They didn't eat them. They shot them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This pile of remains is what fishermen pick up every time they have never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, at the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things: biodiversity, amount of rains, the country of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the emergence of change.
And at the end of keeping a little bit of a sudden missions.
And that, in great measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a generation later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's little frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose a little bit of frequent animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in an synonymous sea of great fish.
They become a little bit frequent because we fish them.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present, like you captured such and you see a lot of fish in this area that you can't use or, usually don't use the science of fishing because it's not scientist."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can reach a protected marine zone.
Because with the marine protected areas, we really raised the past.
We get the past that people can't conceive because the game point has run and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area and can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their point of party.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access like the Middle West, for example?
I think there are the arts and the cinema maybe can fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Chester Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Chester Bay 500 years ago.
And they will have noticed that materials and the conflicts are like "Passage."
And if you think about "Passing" -- if you think about what people moved to the movie -- not talking about the story of Photoshop -- why will you be able to get the images to images?
Because I evoke something that, in a sense, it's been lost.
And so my recommendation -- the only thing I will give, is to Cambridge, to do "Marsha" under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend managers and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why videos are made and how important that is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make it famous on the Internet in a satisfaction.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage is made, you get infinite vision and gains cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of participation and surprise.
Well, let's start on.
Bearly Vastan: Oh, my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
NH: Wow!
KA: Last year, Bearly Vasco published this film film outside his home at the Sove National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the upper summer of the past summer.
Beauty is not allowed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share an rainbow art double.
That's what you do if it's called Sove Mountain Bear.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimbo.
Jimmy Kimby published this piece that catched the video to the popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimbo present us new and interesting things and distributed them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, Friday. You have to start the view.   Everyone wants to get the weekend of a week, the weekend.   KA: You see, you're going to see.  KA: Don't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Rebecca Black Vietnam is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Archae" are doubling, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask about those other peaks, they're also Friday too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday view?
Well, I took it to Taliban, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mister Science Theater, was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends will adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradoxists of "Services in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the global entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- "Professor or doing something new with that.
"Name Cameroon," is a repetitive animation with a missing music.
So, that's it.
This year they saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours worth that has seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were records.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole array community that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Archie were doubled or Revolution Black Cat?"
What do you want to have written this situation to contrast this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minute, just that really only and unexpected can be rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the bicycles in New York, I admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey Nick: I was moved by not circular by the biography, but there are often obstacles that are imposing you directly by the biographical.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Nick got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do creative.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vassagis: What does this mean?
Nikelbar.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators of participation, the creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected -- are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity to it.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bio, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they are barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still falling away.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique and freedom hope of his country.
Imagine as the communities go into Sahara, facing the fact that their life had been completely in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were blown up.
It was refugee in silence.
He died for the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain. And my lesson was to learn that the story tried to self-confident, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you take it to the sea.
My mother, May, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a contrast marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task only: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incomparable for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old sand that defies fiction, a boat turned into the dragon of fishing boat.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a short window.
If we were captured, first of all, we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the ship in every wave, and the horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pieces that came a number of times, but they were fooled.
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we go down in Melilon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations giving shape to a new life.
We set up in Pharating, a supermarket submersible whose population is composed of immigrants in it.
Unlike the suburbs of average class, whose existence I discovered, in Forth, I had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English English were exchanged among people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turning.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT Technology of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were supported, and they set up an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what it should take up, which was generally new clothes, was always a new hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the talents, because I had to spend six years.
And there were weird and painful sing on the eye of the rainforest," and some graffiti -- Asians, go home."
At home, where is it?
Something in me came up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was excused every night, but we got on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered nightmares.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be a strategy and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and enthusiasm and intelligent kids -- that were trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and schools.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, relentless with what I was afraid of myself.
In the other, I was ready in pridections of pridections, tragically slided by violence and drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was catched from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so Louis, anonymous anticipation of Pharating, was now so Le Leone, refugee and social activist invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols anymore.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat to the Russians and the comfort of life in an emergency submersible -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling us about the day of each and staying asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when we climb up to the ship.
The nose had never been an option.
"All right, he said, "And you're not what you don't know."
So I talked about youth desky and education and density to the marginalized.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was used to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a carpet race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown occupy, a newly come -- new on the scene -- and not only it's good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being able to easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your provider.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demonstrated, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to be extremely aware.
There was an energy there, an incorrect optimism of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
It took a little group of people for whom the motto cannot do -- it was a really irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I had a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some bright ones, and we opened up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My heart again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where Congressman was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who cared about.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 o'clock, it became a confusion of a Wanzing whose mother hit her.
No support of his husband, he caused a revolution to sue it and bring the cause of it, and much more resolve caused when they win.
You can't do it to be a mistake.
He was in the shower in the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died to 1,000 miles in Melilong.
I looked through the market of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I'd come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Pharating and sat around their attack.
We told him stories and we made sure that we were still with her.
At night a monkey came and told us that he had to close the attribute.
My mother asked us to feel her hand.
I asked the money, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold.
"Because you've taken your hand in the morning, he said.
"You haven't solved it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, now we can see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the ship.
Who could wish that to know?
However, I fear the privilege of how easy the right.
Can I give you a little bit in your lives, in your life in every wave -- the complete pace of constant pace of the engine, the heart rate that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could do it and see you, I would do it.
Trend Negans and also the mother of so here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rarban about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the frozen sky, with the Sufi Ali Sunday.
We were convinced of how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian spirit "The Manians."
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and we worked on the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I go, the great press of the Indian war, had a side, I had a bow and with a flight on the ground, you get water.
Now we do the same with tracks and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that gave me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a standard if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't shake it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to do not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his player silver rock.
And this perfect piece of 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
It became a sharp door to a world full of images and pirate and radiation in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
We had our inspiration.
So I was launched, I took this tech world to see how to use it to create magic instead of killing magic.
I illustrate books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To bring the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "I put your fingers on every light."
And so --  says, "This box belongs to my name -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live in GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we opened out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always excited about it.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And actually, lighting your way on what it remains from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy is a bacteria.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I dragged into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all the fantasy book there has been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that grows and fight and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book it also reveals it.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another really important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the same time.
These are the libraries here.
We've all heard of the ones and the nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian contractors, the would be able to pick the way?
These poor lapses have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their Poles, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of pales, stories, shoes, choices and consumers.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a bowl and says, "Oh, today I saw a room."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking.
Inside the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
So in the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video leads and the video actually sees a group of animated dreams that appear on the inside plants in the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and tell them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are entered with technology and magic and technology are closer to each other.
We take the power of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of people are fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Raw University was to describe a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she put a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and well-known families?" What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia muscle. It's very simple.
It has a shoreline of learning and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 Kolas.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hello.
And my head doctor has access to him too. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when he needs carbon assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my music Wikipedia, and before I go up to my car, people start to tell me, Lucy, today, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recycled activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little bangler connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can can, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to recover control and to be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of medical attention, demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by crossing.
And one of the things we did I'd like to share with you with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the car boxes are in Maria.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest Democrats to help this patient?
We ask, but no one happened.
Nobody knew where to get the USDA saving lives right now.
What we did was we do crossing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public One, you see a DNA, please send it, and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in holes of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 Descals already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, really augmented to find these DESAmes.
And every time you are in the city of Machave and someone collecting, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest Democrats, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce you this one, not just like Descale Furniture, which is the name of the product, but also like Americans.
And we want to start it on the global level.
We're taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the crops of DNA around the world.
Every time you're out of vacation and someone collecting it, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these Desks.
You might be service services or telephone people, for example, to see if the Desperation is still in its place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photographer?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
He mixed up with my passion before the drawing -- but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera the camera that was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera that the process ends when you press the floor.
For me the photograph had more to be in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the floor.
pictures like this: a construction on a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realities.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say, "I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Does the light?
What creates illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly impossible objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like I think are those that we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going to look wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, photographers combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these requirements -- they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
And I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The sub-Saharan part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even red the top of the top of the island to make it more success.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning to it.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
So I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please put it up.
It's a diagram anybody who took a folder mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the Michael Richards versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many of us that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude order on the scale of performance.
Speaking with symbolic curves is something new.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please understand the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we write technological curves on logarithmic scale?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to grab, the diagram would look like a ridiculous thing.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot it, for example, some other technology, like transport, in a selective curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives you quantum change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as microbes, past tomorrow tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move at that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to make is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
It's one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve I know like this until it takes something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
To be like that, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
So on this line, we're in a transition of what the world used to be, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask ourselves, what is that new way to adopt the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember that as a kid, the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been checked, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel like something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years old because everything will be so different than I'm doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition that we experience it.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If you look at the way that those chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, which is that, at that time, had floating a little bit of oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil blobs contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them build materials from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
They started to divide up.
In a sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms, those oil giants.
But those droplets were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were able to make a distribution of the chemical distribution of the chemicals.
So every boat was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that they somehow differentiate being better at the time to incorporate the chemicals -- they grow more, they engage more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand all these bits learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this unprecedented evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this profession of DNA and turned it up 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot of for everyone in the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an equivalent would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big interesting step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming the communities of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and shooted them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication led to that they were going to be formed communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they set a smile.
And so they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful, all of the individuals of that community were replicate more and welcomed by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicultural community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the of the muscles, or the brain and so on.
So these communities evolved and became more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities are built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures of record, understanding and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to evolutionary time.
So an organism could say, for example, learning not to eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version of is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting some graduates and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in his heads that I had a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform astronomers.
Now we go through similar periods to the multicellular organisms, let's abstract our record methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The television, the I.T. video tape, the CDow, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that controls us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of Thai in which it produced some evolution with the College program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of history that told them took a billion years each.
The next step, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is self-confident, I suppose automatic is the right word to name something that speeds its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this cave explosion.
We see the process retrains.
But I put my life by designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I employed to design them would not be possible without recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such a complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Tony Machives, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you can't before you couldn't get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions to shelter?
Could you run these sequences of instructions to random, to execute all those programs, and take those of those who are closer to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could play two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
We get those and we remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that they best ordered the numbers.
And we go back to reproduce them by following an analog regulation process to sex.
We take two programs that will provide children, which exchange subjects, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combination of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
Can qualify again.
It introduces some mutations.
And it tries again and represent with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that ordered absolutely perfect way.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they put the job.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Mark Missis and I pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel wise?"
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the choice that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
So it's selected.
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so confusion.
Because all these technologies are retried.
We're standing up.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple multiple.
We are the tests, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now it comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've run the time enough to let me take part of my false reward in that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end of the world, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for "Room "Remorning, and it's talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that battles 300 percent.
That means that balloon is essentially three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game in the game without being caught off, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base doesn't come to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts in 10.
Do you know how you call a $300 barrier in the Grand Laws?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
Do you know how you call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 hits -- close four.
Legal -- like the legendary Ted Williams -- the last player of Biostack League in running more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have appearances and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400-year-old record.
That doesn't work, right?
They now assume that they live in a remote place and a loved self has two corrective corresponding arteries and their family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 2009.
But do you know something?
She's getting better at this year.
They have been 750.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a neuroscientist of genocide?
10,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is nobody in all medicine knows the sidewalks of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I include the manager of being perfect.
You know, you never have a mistake and you want to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a complicated observation student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Golden studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little deleteria, in the residential of the General General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my class of anatomy and memory the origin and muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the agreement, the diagnosis often and the non-violence.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney blood accents.
And the more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I went from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything -- or the most possible thing around all, because so I was immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Drawing lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when I was brought to the Dragon lady to emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cartoonist service.
And when you choose I used to consult a cardiologist to go to that patient.
And it will inform the chief of resistance.
When I saw the Drawing lady, I was sending.
I heard a resolution sound.
And when the result -- I heard a sound removed on both sides -- what was telling me a frozen heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and therefore there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I went to work in the treatment I would give him.
I gave him super-contemporary and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave him diabetes, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I made the first mistake, sent it to his house.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't get the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and talk to him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, he would have been able to give up computer information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even telling my boss anymore.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that even I asked the nurse to take care of the Dragon lady, "Do you think it's okay if you go to your home?"
And the nurse thought, and then he said totally natural, "Yes, I think it will be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I passed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking room where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there another nurse, not that I care from Mrs. Drawing before, but another one told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear of.
Other specialists fear them, but there's a picture of emergency and is that we see patients.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Did you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was fine.
But it went back and on the edge of death.
At the time of an hour of having reached his house, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 1912. The paradigms brought it to emergency with an urban pressure of 50 feet of Hey, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was committed to the spinal cord.
He had a sense of feelings because then the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a crafting brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go. The Dragon lady, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forgot the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I took me for it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and sat down alone, isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the fish, and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a love.
I spoke to the family, and I'm sure I wrote things and make sure that they wouldn't stop me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss -- why did he send her to her house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make an error so stupid a mouth?
Why did I choose medical change?
Little by a little bit of that feeling was discussing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, he opened up the sky and finally came out the sun and wondered if I was better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I cut the efforts to be perfect to make no more mistakes to make any more mistakes.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it came to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat in the throat.
I was very busy and adopted.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a bit colored.
And he emailed him and sent her home.
But while he goes to the door he kept pointing his throat down.
Two days later, when I came to make my charge change, my boss asked to speak with me in his office.
And he gave the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garage?
So he went back and didn't have a strategic factories.
It had a potentially deadly feature called epits.
You can look for it in Google. It's an infection, not the throat, but the upper air -- and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He fortunately, not failed.
You get antibiotics by going in and recovered at a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and replaces, then I went back and went back to work, until over and over and over again.
Two times in the same shift.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a radio radio, but it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to retire and asked my colleague to report it.
You reviewed it, and when you notice a certain sensitivity in the lower right, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered well.
But every case I got attracted, I was set down.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a beat.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just foreigned and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the victim that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go now to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a traffic in my hospital captured the wrong leg, believe me would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that are not able to sleep and the ones that I know about, the ones who have a waste and the ones that have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies who start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about distribution and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, to my program, "Who's Cocade, Black Art -- "Blue Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are miserable.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in 10 drugs prescribed in the hospital are wrong, or distribution is not right, in a system where inspiring infections are increasingly more and more numerous and providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian candidates for prevalent medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about crude substances, because we're not holding the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
Spring deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, comes crazy with clean eyes and with alien to alcohol, and all of a sudden my story.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't do their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we remove all the professional properties to error, well, no one left.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their stronger?
In my program, "Laborial "Black," black art, is already a habit to say, "This is my worst error: I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of the heart surgery, this is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they were going to start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, don't make the same error."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
Refined doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't get to be proud of your mistakes, but it was efforts to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention to catch them, but in a loving way and a way of support for everybody to benefit it.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they commit errors of time in the way.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel a lot, but I strive to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day anyone?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up an average American -- it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot of research in a research for a week to a group of businesses.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were driven by these executives and the time they evolved in making related decisions.
They found that on average, they took 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of digitals.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of you in an hour of time?
How does the way make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the result, choose to the overload choices.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive, please give you a pain.
And now my first question of the day -- are you ready to hear about the problem of choice support?
Thank you.
And I was a graduate student at Stanford University, and I was looking at this very, very high level, at least at that time was very sophisticated at all.
It was called Derek.
It was almost like going to a fun park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and vibration, over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of emotional water. And this was when we take water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I wondered, why never buy nothing?
This is the steel of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and said, "Did it work well this strategy of offering all these choices?
He pointed out to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment.
Yeah.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six seals or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what can people have been willing to stop testing the member?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, a 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a merely merely terrifying task.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy me a little bit.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought the member.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy memories if they found six -- that if they were 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memories probably makes us -- the least is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice of choice affects us to do well momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this is not getting us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Guard Hubble, emit Kamby Kamen and Weig Jane, where we looked at decisions on savings for the retirement of about a million Americans, from about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funds available in saving savings in savings to slow, the 4014 program, and they would democratize people to save for the future.
And we found that there actually was a correlation that really did.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger number of funds that were offered -- there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as I would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 1960s.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the more the number of options, the more people were controlled by avoiding the actions or the investment funds.
In terms of more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial bank accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will remember to optimize the financial financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things less satisfying -- even though it's obviously going better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that gigantic variety of magnetism, mustard and video and memorial, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Cortupue.
They've already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Contract."
They care about losing space in the analytic.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is if you decide to cut, to get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase on sales -- going down the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamma went from 26 different types of Hadren & Saturnes to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Collaborator Google came up with the products for cats that are less sold -- they increased the uses of 78 percent, by two causes, higher sales and less costs.
So you know that today's supermarkets, in average offer 45,000 products.
In a Walker store, about 100,000 products.
But the world's largest store in the current world is Alder and it offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato sauce satellite.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle better choices is the plant of David Landers, the Harvard program.
All the employees in Harvard are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
Those of you who really want to choose, you give them 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, give me the differences that are between those options.
And if your employees can't be different, you will not do their clients.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people of this audience a few vacation with all paid the world's most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take the offer.
(All shorter: Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
They're not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually managed to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real.
Because images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice supply -- which is Confusion.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and the consequences must be very vivid, very concrete, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards that when they use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Sillian Benjamin and Allendestas Previable, on the staff of NASA African NASA, who worked in ALS, these people were in a meeting where they were being coming into a 404 plan.
That meeting, that we built exactly as used to be used -- we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we applied to the staff that they would think about positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mystery there was an increase in the regulations of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts of four percent.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Westerners of the Westerners across the North Carolina, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different kinds of divides.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two jewelry exhibits.
One is called Japanese and the other, "Steamer."
If you think the one on the left is Steven and the one on the right is Japan, they give a pain.
(Music standards." Well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Silver, give a pain.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Steven. But you know what?
This classical scheme is totally useless.
Cats have to indicate something to who choose it, not that defines them.
You often see this problem with these huge fund lists.
Do you suppose who are you informing?
My fourth category, Confusion complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the buy of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows it to perform it.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Columns, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Mountains, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, a few children, for a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of choices.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you get to always the button button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed -- you're losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many choices to a few choices -- they have a button button over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from little options to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was I altered the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Even though the change box is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that we now have more stressed with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice support: Court, eliminating strange alternatives -- confront, make it real, we can handle more categories with less options -- to make complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented them were designed to help handle alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are going.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful about choosing it.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in communist Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing it had to record it to the government.
I had to record an example of an example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't realize that someone could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own from one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be upset for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what's going on in the online world, we can grab the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the communities.
Like Mr. Diminism Goldberg from the city of King, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, lots of mathematics.
There are really many cases of online millions online, millions, who earn money with their attacks.
This is Valley Taliban, from Turkey, Ethiopia.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Bio Sundrib.
These are Matthew Anderson, Take Alabama etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media by the banking trials to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service two months ago, I freeze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Jane, and this story was 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane was upstreaming. He's discovered his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are a victim of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from evil in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have described over the last 12 months by taking a paper on the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Digital.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
Decline the last fall, because of a salmon.
They were surprising the safety of the site and they lost a cartoon.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives -- I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die by a attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What are the critical chances?
Well, you need if you have a website with the headlights, the South Solarkets, services like Georgia.
Except that they intercept a foreign self-interesting authority.
And they limit celebrities charged.
And in the case of Digital Discovery, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret in April 2011, and during the salt of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this cartoon called "Spanish."
And within that folder there were notes from a serial company in Germany that had sold him the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of citizens in the country.
This tool was sold by 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
You know, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Scott Trial was found -- a translator used by government government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a nice criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But it goes beyond today.
The Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the Scottish translator to infect our computer with a translator to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to online arguments to get our data.
When we think about things in things like this, the obvious response should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would I care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
privacy is not arguing about.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we need today, will be forever.
Are we going to trust a lot of future in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the south part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad to the bottom, and behind the cows -- the National Park.
The Nairobi National Park has no fences in most of the South, which means that wild animals like the balls migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like the lions. They follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of those who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead was very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the mass, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and therefore we value them.
So I grew up hearing a lot to the lions.
They die these are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there is so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, in the age of six, he was responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't be, because it even helped lions to see the stable state.
I didn't give up. It continued.
A second idea was to use a school.
He tried to trick the lions to believe that it was near the standard.
But the lions are very smart.  They came up the first day, and they saw the sports, and they were going, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped out and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch and that day lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would learn and turn the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
He brought everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small Indian box, and I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes light delivered.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you come at night.
The lights deliver and they eat the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never got back to have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if he could put the lights up.
I said yes.
You put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now by Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena lines, legal, and it's also being used to get elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International Zooo, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them together.
So one year ago, I was just a kid in the stores of the savanna controlling the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes fly, and he told me that one day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Alistan stream. What my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like you.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Twitter: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence -- CA: An electric closer?
RS: I know that they were already invented with electrical numbers, but I want to do mine.
CA: So I tried it once, right? And you -- RS: I've tried it before, but I just got a guerrilla --  CA: At the end of the canyon. Richard Twitter, you're a big thing.
We're going to fall on every step that you go, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "Don't send anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Islamic story, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Though I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a colleague of my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop exist in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we are prepared to die."
I was very alternated.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a little boy on his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge arms broken to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Norwegians died during famine and just a few surviving passengers, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently the power cuts -- all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Arctic River, which serves the boundary between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very attached at certain points, allowing Norway to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of the North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was as a normal refugee to it.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Norwegian refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be represented to a horrible fate of back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and they introduced me in the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being Norway, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it doesn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some of the Koreans in China are looking for standard embarrassing shame.
But many can be arrested by Chinese and depressed police.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These North Koreans were so lucky.
Every year, countless North Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape a lot of other Koreans have not had so much luck.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can join in an instant.
That's why I was after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to go to South Korea going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
So standing up in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
There are even a crisis of identity.
Am I a surface or normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride mine.
Even though I adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I started studying for the University of income to college.
Just when I began to adapt to my new life, I got a call alternative.
The North Korean authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and as a punishment my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location outside the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught by a few times.
Once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of all and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I instantly stood up and said that they were symbolic people who were coming.
He looked at me suspended but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way up to the edge of Laston.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laws.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and read to cross the border.
After paying lots and slowing, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Lawrie.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was represented in prison to the distance of the South Korean embassy of South Korea.
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple managers.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the ATM card, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans, and take them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the North people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The angry child symbolizes a new hope for me and the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the normal village needs to need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of English language, work practice.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue to contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help normally give you a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in the South Center.
This is Central Seling) literacy stores, fast food, band land.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Angeles --  stores, fast food, bars land.
Just like 26,000 million other Americans, live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to kill more people than the food in the car.
People are dying from rural diseases in Los Angeles Central Angeles.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I tired that this happens.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if you get out of the house, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighbor?
I look at silks of wheels bought and sold as being used cars.
I see cells of cell dynamics like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also get tired of driving 45 minutes away and come back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did was I planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land arena we call a ship.
It's about 45 feet three feet me.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to hold it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Groves, we put together and started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by bread compounds of all of the conditions, all of the city and completely volunteers, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained it.
The city came up to me and in summary, and they gave me a little bit of a quote by saying that I had to quit my garden, the city became court order.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order to plant food in a piece of land that no one is matter?"  So it was like, "Well, it was like, "Well, it was like."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lespecis, and he talked to the control and one of the members of Green Groups, who put a petition in Changelan, with 900 signatures -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My discussion even called to say that they backed up and love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more barriers band.
It's 68 miles of balls band.
That's 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 75 million tomato plants.
Why do you not look good like this?
It will grow a plant to give about a thousand seeds.
When a dollar of headlines will give you 75 dollars away.
It's my historian, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Southern.
I grew up there. I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The flag is my chart, I grow my art.
As an artist artist, which emerged walls -- I lift soils, landscapes.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my email of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a gas is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education, from my neighborhood transformation.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a college.
Also, you get frames.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and his daughter, were like the 1930s at night and they were in my garden, and they looked very quickly.
I was like, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Finally, don't you fear that people will steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I don't have fear that you go to band it."
That's what it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to pick your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared with his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and his grandmother, and it was great to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Groves has come to plant maybe 20 bread.
We've had, like about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes --  -- but if none of this is taught to you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the bar, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are taking care of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carnegie will be produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take content and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability.
What I'm talking about is to work to people, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want everybody to become electromatically, electronics, gentlemen of generals.
We have to change the script of what's a generation.
If you're not a barber, you're not a global.
That the genes take their sticks, right?
That is their choice weapon.
In short, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your palm so we can plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  (Click metronome)  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of shortcut, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that I silence.
And especially if you go into your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can do a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make pure asphalt.
The porous, the porous, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rainwater of rain will flow into the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they will not be satisficially with any more.
The noise will also disappear in these parts.
Because it's very smell, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can disappear.
What is the real to reach? You see that in this road the stone stones come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, and so on, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can give you your paradox, and you're not going to be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Back, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage comes in this material.
It's a broken shock, like I said, so only has a little amount of adventure between the stones.
Because of the intelligence, the ultraviolet light to the University, this advertise, this bend, the glue between the rids, it will pick up, and if it electrodes, they will become microbes and separated from the added.
So, if you drive through the road, you will get the add -- as you saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about materials of self-organization.
If we can make this material self-confident, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel wool in very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the beauty.
So we have a little bit of short little pieces of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a information machine.
Institution can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the bank, the blood will flow through these microscopes and the stones will again look at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big inspiration machine here to the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, actually saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We need to try it."
So they gave us a piece of road, 400 meters from the 1880s highway, where we had to make a test cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road would last several years without any harm. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples out of it, we put a lot of charge on them, we put them back to our influence machine and we repair them and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've done a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy of infrastructure to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even to do the surface of the surface of the road, they can actually save a lot of money in very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show them how the repair is.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember woken a morning with the sound of the jazz in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depressed it.
"The Taliban was got one: scream my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban was spread of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were going to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister that I could no longer be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were going to be shopping.
School was in a house, over 100 of us lying in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in that, the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban was supporting.
We always wondered what they knew of us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were attracted, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a teacher.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total record of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school and therefore his father was putting him out.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will be done two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a higher risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Mamma, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want to not continue?"
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the block, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate me at Mirack College in the moment.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was tested from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate his daughters.
He doesn't just take away from my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman who takes it by driving the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global member of 116, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Solar, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like my own, they were advocating for them, and still in front of a deliberate opportunity.
Like Ahhah. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from the road from Solar to his village, and literally he was killed by being killed by a bomb in the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice would warn him that if you kept sending his daughter to school, you will try.
"Man already, if you like, but I won't give the future of my daughter for his old and retreated idea."
What I've realized in Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interferences of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
And I fear that these changes don't take a lot after the U.S. troops of the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they encourage them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day, the girls of Solar remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exiled: "High, resistant Gandhi. fight him.
But you never get a Galapago reviewed."
They have spent almost two years since it was the liberal revolution inspired by the mouse of mass movements so much from the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other liberal citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the typical regime of Gabbe.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and men who were released were in the forefront of the set of regime, by providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of an example by dealing with the drug of Gabber Dadio.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and a couple of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the air.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy burden -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and selection seeds.
For four decades, the Garday Richard regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
It conscious from devastation and challenges, I've loved a lot of other women, rebuild the liberal civil society, by taking an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Ben during it, and immediately after the fall of Gavinst, approximately 300 in Turkey.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Platform of Women Liberian Platform, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our right to equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the predictive period, an environment that was increasingly policed, which moved from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a tenth of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit of the empathy of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we had news news.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi tumors.
Another day he was looking at the murder of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army murder of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violent rights of the human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, polluted more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interviewer, exclusion and revenge. They became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the smart list and the elections.
I am here today to trust us that we, as a nation, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The strange list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recognition?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mission and inclusive.
Our society needs national dialogue and consent creation more than what the choices needed -- that only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than needing numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like information agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not only horse, but also put in practice in practice rather than blood, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that deals with interrelation and alternative between female perspective and male perspectives.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social form.
According to the Koran "Samure" -- "Paper -- "is the word of the Mississic God, "Serated," compassion."
At the same time, the word "Arabia," which is known in all of the Abrahamic traditions -- it has the same root in Arabic that the word "Katrina -- symbolizing the feminine and material -- that goes to all the humanity that men and women, which all tribes and all the people have ever embarrassed.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo that grows in, the divine matrix of the compassion is the whole existence.
So this is what it says to us, "My mercy.
This is what it says to us, "My mercy.
That all of them are connected to the mission of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an innovative question, which has an equally inclusive answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is that everybody does always, why does she left?
Why would someone go to stay with a man who paints?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no a domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just met at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York to my first job as a writer and editor in Senator magazine.
I had my first appearance, my first green card American Expression, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my shoe to me and he pointed on my head with a cost, charged with stick balls.
The man, the man who loved more than anybody in this world, put a gun in my head and threaten to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the "contract story story: a psychological trap -- distributed of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm linked in English University of Harvard and I have a MBA in Marketa Business Bush School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies from the "Fort 500 list, between the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burne and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and The Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and the Washington Post, and
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black baby and I drive a minister Hello Ocean.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions, all the levels of resident and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the metaphors are men, and the domestic abuse is only happening in intimate relationships, interdependence and long duration or, said otherwise in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why domestic abuse turns out so dentist.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be with a man who pays him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples and boys and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night.
I was sitting next to me in the subway of New York and started to float with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just turned out of a university of the Vietnam Lab and he worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
He had a big bottles like apples, and a robotic hair hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it about all the beginning by putting on a period.
We started out and loved all of me, which was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who would put passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, like no one had ever done it.
And it was so that lighting in that prestigious school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to sequence and have the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I took my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that he was falling in a love crazy," which was entering the head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts to.
And here is where they go into the scene of the stores.
So in terms of New England you know, that place where I was supposed to be Congress had to feel so sure it bought three stories.
One of them had it in the car game.
Another one was held under the pillow in our bed and the third third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns by the trauma that lived from small school.
He needed them to feel secure.
But those guns actually were a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 mountains of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother back from my mother and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happy forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted me to do so much.
And I was very, very aware.
It just had felt very upset on the wedding and the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice as much in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that I rebuild several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he ran through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
And I went on to get myself on a year or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic violence or action at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reports that every year 15 million children are made, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly stored man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo meet his designs.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get back?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally ignored you, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a metaphor.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has end the end of the relationship, after march, because then the abuse has no nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent cliff, even after the abuse has come to marry them, denial of financial resources, and manipulation of the court court system to land the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who plays their mother.
And yet we continue to ask, why don't you just go?
I was able to come up with a very last piece of paradigm that I created my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, he would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to full strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypes like space standards, subjective women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it there?"
For some people, it's a way to say, "The blame is yours to stay on, as if the victims will inevitably choose to fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Lock love, I've heard of hundreds of stories of men and women who were also exchanged, who learned a remarkable lesson of what happened to them and that they raised their lives lives joyful and happy lives like employees, husbands and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a tender man and wonderful, and we have those three children.
I have that black work, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to get back to have ever more, I never have a chair taken pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, you are thinking, "Hay, that's fascinating, or "Hall, what it was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being made out of small or that they were a little bit abuse themselves.
The mass could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way of helping other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
Victors need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They pull the missing to light talking about it with their children, their job peers, their friends and family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
You recognize the early signs of violence to invest consciously, to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe date.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful waste that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. My name's Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel like right now, there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to protect you, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it came out, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tapes are very uncomfortable -- less bad that I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surface.
I have completely changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would drag the back and put the child's hair.
Of course, I except with surgery or an artificial outbreak like the one I did two days ago for work, there is very little we can do to transform our looks, which, even surface and immune, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how does it become a model?
And I always say, a heart discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became a model is because they won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which are biologically programmed to admire, we also associate it to a high and startling figure, to the feminist and to a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known that I know to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now show sculpture, and maybe there are some love of the fashion they say, "Speci. There are Namibia, Twitter, Joan Symphons, Li Web.
First of all, happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 67 controlled models, only 27 percent, it was not white.
The next question that people always do is, can I be a model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know.
But then, what really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be whatever you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a chromosome card surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still insist, no, Chris, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of redefinition of the American Volara magazine or the CEO of HIV or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that most of you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "I model interior clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are reacted.
And yes, you basically get all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I look at my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a party party a few days before the photos for the French Volara.
Here I am with my soccer team and the magazine V.A.
And this is me at the time.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're creative from a group of professionals, pills, makeup and photographers and stations, and all their aid and productive people, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too much tanks from 20 inches and I never use, except the past, but the privilege that I get is the ones that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a grocery store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a charge philosophy, and he jumped down a red season, and of course, they stood up, and I was sorry for a sorry, and it was agents to continue to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were stopped and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 black young people in New York City, so for them, isn't a question of me?
But how many times are you going to stop me? And when do you stop me?
By researching for this talk, I learned that 53 percent of 13 percent of 13 years in the United States do not like their body, and that figure goes to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and beautiful.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe what it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say in the cameras -- what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with a little bit more thin legs and the brightest hair, to be happier.
They just have to meet a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most bright hair and the more the fashion -- but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial and gender and gender when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to get out of this talk, I hope that everyone is feeling more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures and I didn't go to my own.
There was no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took them into the random.
My story begins when I found myself in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter on his first birthday. That's the 57-year-old corner.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what's coming now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take me to New York City in a parent trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going on that would take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, never anybody has submerged with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and we will reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, not just at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reach new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it interacts and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope for illusion every year.
And recently, in one of the travel, we were walking around, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red solar of the wrist store that I loved small on previous visits in the previous view.
And I described what I had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart to pay with force by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you see in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating actively in conscious memory creation.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that comes out of the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt to go to someone and ask yourself, Do you get a picture of a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bursts are in the most threat group group.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney rapidly personalized characters like message characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press residential press, you apply and actions these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean.  The paralysis, they don't help prevent disease spread.
It's hardly monoton.   They're far from extracting.  And my favorite, the bursts have better presence --   There are two types of burdens on this planet.
There are the New World firms that are primarily found in the Americas, like cancers and cards, and the Brazilian Buddhas bursts, where we have 16 species -- from these 16 -- 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the burdens important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, climb.
They're our natural garbage records.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria, help to absorb the anthrax that not to be extended and causing large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bursts, the carcasses take three to four times more time to discover, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The bars also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to ancient Egyptian culture.
New Web was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and along with the coat, they symbolized the unit between the High and the Belthvant Bell.
In the Hindu mythology, Japan was the girl girl, and risked his life to save the girl Site from 10 heads of the 1970s.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a lot of very important spinal sketches -- in places like the Tool, there's no place to bury the dead or wood to create them, so these burdens provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with the bursts?
We have eight species of burdens in Kenya, from which six are on the extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sent together, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and failure. Pathological communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the burdens are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of burdens are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall out of the consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dictionary.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Because there are no bus, there's been a spread in the number of dogs in the sea set of sheets, and when you have dogs down, you have a huge bomb bomb for radio. The number of ocean cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind park in Africa, 335 advances are going to be out of Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead blacks to serve the joke and the happiness market.
So what is being doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting these transitions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so they focus on a problem locally, it's not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the burdens, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide them.
How can you help? It can become active, making noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very industrialized creatures. donate their time to spread the word. I'll spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you will report on the bursts, but talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bursts.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said that he changed because he saw them fly without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do -- and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1977 to 1977. I read young people, but I'm not going to be --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Costa of Mark, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we set up in Africa.
And I was punished.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we used to adapt it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Deans from Zambia," was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came with Italian seeds to the South Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the Bernathan River, and we teach the local local tomatoes and heat and and forth.
Of course, people weren't at all.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that it was possible that it was possible that it was not to cultivate anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just in time to save people from the Grand Francisco."
And of course, everything in Africa has grown beautiful.
We get these magnificent tools. In Italy, a tomato will grow this size in Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the sharks, "Look, what easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were nice, markets and red, at night to the morning, about 200 hypothesis appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the sharks, "My God, the pictures of them."
And the sharks said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here.  "Why didn't they say it? "You never ask.
I thought we only had the Italians we made errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and then what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we give people the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, I read Dead Dead from Damask Mountain, which is a system of devil.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Call it a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are impacts, colonial missions, and we treat people just two things: or we panded them, or we are patrollo.
The two words come from the "player "Parker rate," which means "a father."
However, it means two different things.
Palestinians, I treat anybody in a different culture like my children. "I want you to a lot."
Patrick, I treat everyone in a different culture like my servers.
That's why white people in Africa are called "Baby," boy.
That book gave me a bottle in the face. The little thing is beautiful -- written by School, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped alone alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put up on the ground and said, "Can we imagine -- can you imagine a city that's not neuroscientified?
I decided at the age of 27 years old, and I invented a system called Financial Company where you never start nothing, you ever motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of local passion, the seriousness of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It streets.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe -- we met in a pub.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give it an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we, for once, we hear them, but not community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never assume, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified with.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family doctor of the business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee, and helps you find resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Spain, West Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this convicted garbage where we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on the march, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stand up and listen to them.  So --  So the government says, "Have me get it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drawing, one of the greatest business stress in history, passed at the 96 years ago.
Peter Drawing was a philosophy professor before I was involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovation of innovation company."
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you have to rebuild Christopher without knowing what the smartest people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to go to conversation with you.
You have to offer them conflict, privacy has to be fantastic to help them, and then they will come up en mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
So what have you ever passed up this morning this morning.
Passive local people. That's what you have administered.
So, what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial industrial revolution -- physical fossils, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nutriently, we cure, we educate, we translate, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for green revolution for the growth? Forget it?"
The government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1800s.
And in the 1950s, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what was going to happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was uniform, New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and signal, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York around around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already standing in stranger.  So in 1800, they were making this dirty dirty technology that would take New York City.
So, what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came up with 100 autonomous manufacturing companies, 1001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scars, standards, factories in approached places.
Delogator, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conflict.
Otherwise, you're not going to come to conversation with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated service.
And then you will have to tell you the truth with respect to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnificent things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic computer, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can make and sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've been researching and looking at the 100 countries in the Carnegie world, Westerners, Edison Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was started by one person.
I would never have the word "I said, "Well, the word "we" -- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facial, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee careers, in bars next to their dedicated cameras who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this speed, someone who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you? Can you do it?
OK, can you sell it? Can you search for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look for somebody for someone somewhere?"
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't write a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, slavery and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apples?
How can we borrow and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the grandmothers who give shadows to lovers and shootings and stores for centuries and trust in a city.
 There is a decline in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned property of America.
I live close to this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the life and the time and the time.
He gave it clear to the meaningful things of my life today.
But I try to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned on a giant blackboard, and painted on her phrases to completely complete, before I die.
So the trains could take a store, reflecting about their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect for this experiment, but the next day the wall was shortened and kept going.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be like pure for pull:  Before I die, I want to sit at the horizontal line in the date line.
Before I died, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the Web.
Before I die, I want to hug it again."
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue for you.
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cartoons, and they destroyed me, and they gave me a hard time in difficult times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scanning ways. It's about giving rise to reflection and context, and to remember what is most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So my civic center colleagues made a kit, and now they have been done in countries around the world, like Katers, South Africa, Australia and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of increases, it's more important than ever, to find the ways of conserving perspective and remembering that life is short and delicious.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better than we are as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Remote is 22 years old, it's high and very geography.
It doesn't talk, but it turns out to be better joy than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
He shared it controlled by what happens.
It's not amazing. I don't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and focus on this: Never lie.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to figure out words that I couldn't even remind you, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very geography.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that each of the songs of my iPod came out, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I hit my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that only could mean one thing: autonomous and extraordinary.
Now, for those fewer familiar with the term "attack," it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual they manifest in a different way, from there that Remor is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world, there is no cause or no cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
He grew a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
And he was living in his own world, and he represented his own world, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars on the row around the room, and looking at the washing machine, and eating anything there would be the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evident.
But beyond the belongine, the frustration and the instinctive hypertensionation, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without predictions, a human being that I had never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individualistic, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal happens to the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could transmit one thing to Rem and Sam and you would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a donor: each one of us has a gift inside of it, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for big, progress and change dies at the time we try to be like each other.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit that must have been Alice in the Marine country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  I really study the truth of these students with his great minds, his big books and his big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell down the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And so I felt when I had those conversations with the students. I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please give them simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer them, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the jobs, but they study the jobs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat optimism.
And when they're describing their science, care with the jargon.
The game is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature," but why don't you say "spot and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them away.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of standing and enthusiasm with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget it from the barrel signs."
You have wondered why they're called balls?"  What do the balls do? Bars kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not just boring -- but it supports too much in the language area of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of General Brown is much more effective, shows that the special structure of the tribes is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legislative, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then to provide graphics that are attached to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what is described to it.
I think these are just some key ones that can help us open the door and see the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all over the media, to make it simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the Oxford English dictionary is "tong."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Selaming means "distant police."
And even though there was a 19th century representative editor that defined it much better when he said, "A salesticist is the one that seeks a public charge without matter party, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a reflected subjective monopoly."
I have no idea what it means "International."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1777 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the paradigm chamber.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the former name of Brazil Cross, who faced the Parliament.
They put it on the London Tower and they recorded, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase like this bad bathrooms."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's a advocate of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact -- I want you to go back to the United States, just after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defended in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have funerally.
Some of you wanted to call it "The State Washington State, and others, "The Allen George Washington," and other Denians of the Western University of the Washington of United States.
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it Reight."
They thought it was quite quality.
And it wasn't even monitoring, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
The whole world is changed immediately, because this debate was promised for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor week, and he always wrote, "It's still with this issue.
What caused the return and the back was that the Caper of representatives was against the Senate, against the Senate, was against the Senate, as well.
The Republic Camerook didn't want Washington to be polluted of power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he gave him him or his host ideas.
So they wanted to give it the more modest title and more smart and more slowly than they were being used.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was no before before, but it only meant somebody who press a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term "value" or supernova."
There were environmental presidents of small colonial and government adults, but it was really a insignificant.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call President President."
"This guy has to sign and meet with foreign diagnostics."
And who will take serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America?"
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't drive.
We can learn three interesting things of all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to figure out, the Senate has never really referenced the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to stay there, waiting for Senate to be action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- as likely that we keep waiting for 232 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the title of President in America doesn't sound at all. Right?
Especially if you have over 5,000 nuclear heads to adjustment, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and so on.
And the reality and the story have led to the title of grandmother.
So the end won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so they won the Senate, so that the end.
They got their title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of single, well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But do you know how many nations they have now?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, in the end, the Senate won and the Carnegie Campaign of Republicans, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the driving reality much more the words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the darkness, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that cartoon of male and stones that are involved with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap line of light submitted to the head with this analyzed elastic stream, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that falls up hundreds of meters on the ground.
And my hand is released and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days earlier, and he lost the control and fell countless meters at that time.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep part of that hole running their lives without paying and reward, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Peace of Peace of Pandor.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an integral from Free the Silvers, an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there exists in the world, but not to such a degree in the world.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how much people don't know?
He made me a nose of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Seventh Seventh director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these places.
Some, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, to plant dirty trailers.
A conservative calculation says there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the course of thermal slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can move into entire families for generations for the average debt of 18 dollars.
Amazingly, slavery generates over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been equipped with false promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without pay, under violence threat and cannot escape.
Now slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are specialized.
The slavery exists in almost everyone and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal -- I met brick horses.
This strange and foreign show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Handha Health.
Implements in a temperature of 54 C. men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy standard of dust -- they stack mechanically brick in their heads to 18 at the time, and they take them from the holding horrors to trucks that are to hundreds of meters.
They are disappointed by the monitoring and the knowledge work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passengers to eat, not to drink, and the severe demonstration would make it really intense.
And so penguin were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to reverse it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the absolute abstraction that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "List, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them into a worse situation that they were already in.
I had to trust French and work inside the system for the release and trust you to get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by mountains to trucks that were waiting down down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the children who charge them and children would hold them into their heads with roads made from balls, ropes and harmonized.
It's hard to make something so absolutely.
How can we influence something so inspiring, but so missing?
Some people don't even know that they are slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paid -- because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages recognized their freedom, the scarceralle scars were burning their houses.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness I was sent to be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathronage I was commissioned women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by a few starting screens that gave this satellite satellite, faint light flower.
It wasn't exactly a burning.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restalegrade, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the Country slaves -- with their girls and children, some of only seven years -- are forced to train clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a picture painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From standing in the beard, I remember having a fear of an acute acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a salary: the stairs where I walked in.
There were no door doors.
There were no big windows to climb up.
Those people don't have strategy, and because we touch a topic that hard, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to slave labor labor.
He visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the textiles of blue and red, of their children.
They mix singers in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the standard is toxic.
My introduction told me his stories.
"We don't have freedom: they said.
"We still hope, though, to be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volara, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense not?
Eric. They were all slaves.
The children are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work extended browser in these boats in the lake, even though they don't know swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be shaping, it was subject to his little canoe was embraced.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the branches in the lake trees in the fly Lake often catch networks and children, to cheat and with fear, they throw into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are straight.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it is virtually treating younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they took the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
at night and a windy night.
And you have to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're packed by fish.
I want to introduce you to Korea.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where the Steve religions of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
Constructing by a road in Ghana with some sort of French society with the Steves, a colleague of abuse with his spot suddenly accelerating and outside our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a land road to the forest.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then I pointed out this sensor just visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Let's go."
As we started to go down, we took the shorter screens that blocked up the way and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the pictures of photos on my head as we discovered in these water to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the sound path ended up in a clear one, and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a football field, and everybody was filled with slavery.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking at gold, they walked in water studied with milk.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved on one other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were paid in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, tripled, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people carry heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area where they will get the stone to be able to extract gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and very self-destructive men but if you look closer to the margin -- we see a lot less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of lesions, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this muscle of tuberculosis and meritoring in a few years.
This is Mandela. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Mandela inherited the debt of uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that the doctors said it should be accumulated.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and I don't know that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with local activists like Free the Steves, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very hard to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines. They're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these beautiful people, made, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images have a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force has a fire and that that fire would shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make applied math and there's a peculiar problem for the people who do it, we're like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I will try to explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They stand up with the virtues of the ballet and the classroom dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably a certain initial approach that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Street who, in his time, was a virtual vaccine of ballet in his time.
In the last few years, a lot has been progressed in treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness. Temperatures, right and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in the objective way, and ultimately, the only way that we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and close metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they're never done. It's never been done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to offer you as a kind of not conventional way to try it, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jane Street.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds to talk. We can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the necessary genes, the Fournation, for example.
And as the ballet requires an extraordinary level of training.
Let's think about the time that takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate and as well as Parkinson's impacts extensions, also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom line, you can see an example of the irregular string of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and weakness and right.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspired after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials -- well, both are invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are precise -- well, but the standard exams are not specialized.
I mean, they can be adopted.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're a minimum cost and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost as low as it comes to a massive cost.
These are some amazing goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine chemical.
With high frequencies we could get objective data.
We could do low-level massive record for clinical trials, and for the first time, fishermen on a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving us the first few steps in that sense, we're launching the Victorian Victorian Initiative.
Together to Alligator and Palestinians, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached about six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Maha, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who is healthy and who not?
What will you get out of these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people may not pass it. You may not end it out.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limit the confusion factors in search for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have a 86 percent accuracy right now?
MT: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Thanks, I have to publish it, has done fantastic work, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, which feeds the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Nobody and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MT: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
MS: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was making photos in New York City.
We're colored creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in fourth without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the stronger students even more skinny, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible skin, and we are criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there are Hans Villages, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13 of May traveled to Australia.
It's a small village of fishermen located in the Internet faculty of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall, and more than three miles into the ground.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take shorts from the channels and the streets.
We cleaned up the slime school, and we leave the ready house to be renewable and religious.
We take tons and tons of dead fish and apple, popular factory.
We looked at us and we loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and Systems cards.
They all did the same thing.
We'll pick them up and take them to different places of the villages around them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered with.
While they had the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village event environment.
He helped clean up the communal toilets, the big, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of evaluation is collecting the photos.
There they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring. I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was not until my hearts that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years old -- some of them were still on the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking as a cartoon how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night walked into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strangely, but where the water had decorated the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and delicious.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of herself and that would be as tragic as having the photo strange.
In the time of time, they got a little bit more photos and they needed more records, so it came into Facebook and Lindblindle and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
At the time of two weeks, I had 150 people who want to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Republican, a neighboring town in the north of Samudrell.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporary photography libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, depends on the defense of the photos.
I could be able to make an hour.
I could explain months.
This monkey had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures of supply in salt water, bacteria covered with algae -- even with oil, all of that together with the time spending time to destroy them, so they cleaned it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with the hair clean.
We have the guide of a advanced neighborhood.
It's very easy to give you even more diagrams as well.
As Web once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started cleaning them herself but he stopped realizing that it was even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in a single picture and pick up the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures I shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues in his husband found the photos in a fire station between the breads quite far away from where their house used to be, but his colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the bars into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the sharks were sounding.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave him his photos his younger son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do that, something that he could look at from the past, something that could remember from the past that had not been marked by that day in March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there to have a hundred people who helped us clean over 135,000 pictures -- the vast majority -- the vast majority of people came back to their owners important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world, they helped us go back to 90 families of completely restricted pictures and reduced.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved it.
They are guides of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take out of but the first thing we would get to look for.
This is what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone his connection to the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the records.
Some of them connected to something larger, to get something, using their talent for something that won't be thin movies of perfect skin.
So I would end up to read this email to read this email -- I emailed him the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was like, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, meeting around a baby, I moved myself, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter newborn daughter, stream of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  clapping.
Doctor Department inspired us awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph, the phone -- a new technique so fast that you can create video cameras from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot and turn it up and hit it in a second billion or being, in several females to create a picture of pictures of just a millimeter at a time.
And that picture of photos, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet balance.
If you take that bullet and this picture of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do you take those pictures inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a nano-summer is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't take this research.  They happen a lot of things in this movie.  They are going to break this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these supply.
Many of the pictures finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top of the bottle, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the reflection is focused on.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it cut the same distance and see it in a slow camera about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit in that movie to see that film?
A day? A week? Actually, every year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a balloon in motion.
And what about tribeing dead?
You can see the waves that are spread from the table, the tomato and the bottom wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from a professional at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you'll realize that, as the light would be adviced from the tomato -- still brilliant. It doesn't dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light board inside the inside and it comes out of several trillion of a second.
In the future, when this philanthropy is in his mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at the MIT.
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you can just get some light.
We sent that ball, that picture of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very tight synchrony, we took those gigabytes of data and we put them together politically to create those phenomena that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see the rings?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Belamin, go into the room, one part is going to reflect in the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light books.
It's not science fiction. We've built it.
On the left, it's our female.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commissions.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our female, has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in brother, which you see on the screen, doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bonds, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it at 3D?
This is our reconstruction of us.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collision with what's going on to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions, looking at the light reflected by the open window.
Or we could build exposures to see the inside of the body by surviving the occupations, and the same for the carpets.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is pretty difficult, so actually this is a asking for scientists to start thinking about the demographics as a new modulation of visualization to solve the problems of the imagination of the next generation.
Just like Dean Administrator, he himself became a scientist, turned science in art, an art of shocked photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But there is something fun as well.
If you look at the waves underneath the car, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. The Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order of the events in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
Applying the corresponding data of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
A mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, go to South Solar and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child from 1984 and living in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that time, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people who are looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 -- imagine if all these people who are protected in search for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Look at them.
Raise your mobile phones, let me get you together."
Look at it. A Blackberry, Blackberry.
It's a lot. Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 430 lines of information.
Data in brochure.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The Data Department Detroit.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider from all of Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who sent to.
Who sends a text to who sends you.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored at least six months, and even two years, in its phone company or its Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data response.
We want authority in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came up to Berlin streets and said, "Craig, don't fear.
And some of them even said that this would be the Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone telephone, Department Teley, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, which please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah ...
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Department Telecomer said no, we won't give you this information.
In the end, we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand, and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the income for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand houses of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
I was a little sculpture, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data report means.
So, next to Zea Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can go back and zoom out, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to colony, and what often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like my wife and she calls me a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls the other, and the other one is the other, and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who gives you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and, if the Statue had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in mind, not the fall of the Horney Court.
Because today state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But authority and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to give your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century, and it's not happening in fashion.
When you go home, tell your representatives that just because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for authority in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDTalk, what happens?
I call myself a Maya Zaiv, and I'm not eradicating, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, pushing the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so the whole time.
Look at it.
It's emotional. I'm like a Sharphar mix.
and Muhammad A.
P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not control or it can be contradicted.
Nobody mapped the uterus of my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas speeds, they're in the shopping center, drive in circles for parking and what you see?
16 empty places.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little disability?"
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. is just one of them.
There's going to be an element of the opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian Palestine, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the course."
My father's mantra was, "You can make it down to dance."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I climbed.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system, and they made sure that I would also be, and if we didn't get all the maximum note we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my shoes on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that it would be.
The supermarket I carry inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten walked like a bomb champion that has received a lot of colleagues.
When I grew up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs -- and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use "Music to Muslims as a campaign.
People who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the radio.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating, so to help the dawn of assignment is very easy.
dance in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tapes, or I can walk on touch.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used touch, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I wasn't going.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Mandela.
In summer vacations often my father was trying to save me, so I drank milk crime, put hot cups on the back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "I mean, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga it was a standard comment that I couldn't put on my foot -- "I would be a steering store.
And now I can stand on your head.
My parents were reflecting this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to university through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, the state of the state of Arizona, because I was in all the courses.
It was like the pet limb of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my class, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers cry.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the University decided to do a work called Dancin very slow in Jackson Verion.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at the four winds, and I end up having a role.
I have brain parasites."
At the end of the fine." At the end.
Thank God plus, I finally am a free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave South Brown.
I went to increase running into the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, ask why and she told me that because they believe that he couldn't make the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role for the one that had literally been born and gave it to an actress.
The university was taking my life.
Hollywood has a surface story of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
By graduation, I went home, and my first active tour was kind of weird on a telephone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew it would be accessible to competence to better local friend in a sanitat.
Instead, I was there as a vase -- I didn't look more than the note, and it was an obvious for me that the oil directors, they didn't hire graduate actors, not white actors with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whole Goldberg Robert, Rosagana Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentated.
And so I got smoke.
In my first tour I took famous comic comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comic that he took when he went at high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had brain paralysis with it.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monitoring of the Arab world.
I never like to remember the first place, but I know you never heard that little disgusting rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Allent, and I launched the New York City Festival Festival in New York now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the New Advertising in the media and at the time to remind the directors of super-contemporary and Arabic are not situation.
Interviewing Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like I was invited to the cable news program at the heart of Keith Olden.
I walked into a graduation dance, they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I cling to the desk of the present to not go out of the screen during the sector, and when I finished the interview, I was pleased.
At the end I had my opportunity and disappeared. I knew that they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Old was going to invite me, but it was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Elevan was that people on the Internet are discrimination.
You say the kids are crowded, but they never get fun of me or a little girl or the old.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a grave object.
He saw online clips like comments like, "Why do you take the time?"
"Is it retreat?"
And my favorite, "Portrado fundamental "Poor February.
What disease is it?
We should really hear for it."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my currency, whistle, communication, parallel.
Disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Ben, then Bell can't make somebody in the wheelchair.
The disabled ones are -- yeah, clap -- go.
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most supported people in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would promote less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My turtle journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flowing by the Sliver Loca devil and the free Lord Arthur Arabia.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandyle and work with my own, the incredible Dave Matthes.
I went to the world by saying, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was defended in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the pandemic of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Magazo, a charity of men to give the Palestinian refugee kids a picture of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in alive, and I devote this talk to his memory.
(Audience: Data in peace.
I call myself Maya Zaiv, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a kid of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village south of South Somali.
This village is near McDonald.
The drought is driven by the small village to poverty and the edge of the inflation.
Without anything for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Montalayee, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there's no work, no work perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of McGonia.
After maybe one year, nothing.
A day is approached by a gentleman that offers him to get it to lunch, then to deal, to drive.
He knows a group of people, which gives him a destination.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to his family.
They present to a young girl.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a living target.
A beautiful day in Montala, under a blue sky.
That little boy of that small village with the dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Sahara, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a young village try to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immediate?
He was waiting for.
He was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start his future, waiting for a perspective of future, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "the Spader period."
And its story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the markers, unique urban young people who are declining riots in Johnson, decorate riots in London, who look for something beyond the "desk period."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the waiting period, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to gang pathogens, to be the history of cities.
And in my city of birth, Montala, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent does not work, doesn't go to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to Montala last month, and I went to visit the Middle hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being before that hospital was going to balances thinking, and if I never had gone?
What if I had seen me forced to be in that same period of wait?"
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Montala that month was actually to help some juvenile leaders in a corporate culture.
It brought up about 90 sensory juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Montala, she graduated school.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate university, the satisfaction was a frustrated, he was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to be.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Montala, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
Adam saw an opportunity and put it off.
It started a motor company.
It started by religion to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the period of wait."
It takes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Mommy, a flower.
I was helping you train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Montala has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Muhammad came in, if you wanted flowers to your wedding. They used to be planetary sent from the abroad.
If you asked somebody, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers from free?"
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be "never."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a floric landscape company.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Montala, and he started growing tuberculosis and liberals, who said, could survive the hard climate of Montala.
And it started the delivery of flowers for bones, creating gardens in houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on creating the first public park in Montala in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Montala.
He wants to create a space where the families, the young people, they can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roots.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mouaz had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be artificial change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They did business solutions for local problems.
So, inspire young people and create a business spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in the development and put it in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, bring the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It is to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
They put kids out of the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paradox of the "performance period."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people into entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks than the Peace Person and "the "desert" Parks.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to accept with my dad in the Allen mountains, an agricultural area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest foresees.
The sun made that the leaves will shine as a vibrant, and not to be the way we were going, we almost could pretend that we were the first human beings in taking that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a collapse in a risk with a beautiful lake lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a bureaucracy, of about four square feet with his puzzle heart hearts and headache balls and old sheet.
And I was annoying, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they had been, who thought it was going to clean their wall?
That question followed with me, and it simplified a little bit.
Who clean our wall?
No matter how they organize or where do we put our own, who clean our garbage in Ethior?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash for 11 tons of waste and two thousand tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel and take that career?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in office and installation in the entire city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrigue.
I needed to get further in.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And he operated the mechanical screens and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one was used quickly.
It costs a lot of will be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies continue to adjust to the weight of taking their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor statistics, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous cooperations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you're going to roll around you.
You just want to spend it, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about how incredibly exported the trash.
When you get out of the lecture and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming from.
It's also as a form of breathing or circulation.
It always has to be moving.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste records are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first producers of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective form every day, this starts to get rid of your container and its inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to break and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy are starting to fail when it's in danger in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just sign your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average speed needed.
I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't replace, we cleaned or we take our coffee cup of coffee, our ship bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them, we forget from them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will be taken from it.
So today I want to suggest you a couple ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Their work, I think, is almost little bit.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us to save ourselves from our own waste, our drivers, and that flow always has to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard a rain collection truck on the street, and I grabbed my little son, and he lowered the stairs, running the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling of paper as I did all the microscopes.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And I looked at me and just stand, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
Let's be right."
Shortly after that, I started investigating waste collection, and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paulo, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
Let's be fine.
But in our efforts to figure out how we exist on this planet as a species we should include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about junk -- represent three percent of the waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final piece of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and to me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought about was, "I want to get out running out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized there are three important aspects to relate.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals of crystals generates heat inside the interior, so it takes a lot of cooling need.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis trying to treat a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really careful with the ancient market that is this structure of the air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small selections.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspiring the site, which is located in a very growth area of the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the input in the building.
And this extends with an inhabitable attract that creates a space to the free air in the building that self-confidents in its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I got to think about a tissue similar to a paradox of ant with performances to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a filtered way.
Then we inspired these beautiful buttons of the standards of the Ethiopian search.
They have fractal geometry, and this helped me model the factor.
We're building that with these small predators that are the windows that let the air and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is composed with these little color crystals that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because at the end of there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parts on the roof, which actually collect water for the health sanitations.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan from 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project that large, the biggest thing I have designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to their environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention on the middle, a student of 1,000 years of ancient that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen power doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and characteristics, which is in Barcelona and other cities from Europe with these pages.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the small cell of the project, like application, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that ensure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
And it has these blocks with pages, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the penice.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like introducing the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and do activities like running a two-hour career in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and that have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as all new girls.
I had great amounts of hair very bright and a little start test, lower. It was strong for the capital capital of states, very good for property.
I ended up that year and I was full of chairs, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I had a time after my school came out of school. I was a little bit later, and I hid me on the girls' bathroom.
When the cost was deliberately, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the calculation book.
And then I did.
It altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just a little bit.
All the way.  And I went back to the book to the card, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a streets, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them row and myself on a row like that, just to be there, because I could.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all definitely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I forgot the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for critic.
I'm intrigued by the hair.
They're so mysterious and so penguin.
We know that babies suffer from hair.
Also, the primate birds are very protective.
We know that the hairs are the number one cause of customers in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
And so we have to go to fiction, because the novel is like the laboratory that the hairs are studying in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no hair, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen the infinite, no "Design."
There would be no clothes of cell, not "The "One and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
The reading list list of high school readers would be lost, because we would be losing "The Royout and the Freedom," there would be no "Canalists or "Finance." We would lose "Marshall Bibleand and "The "Bang K."
Without cells, there is no Prospero. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost everyone has them.
This year you get 100 years of his master work, "In search for lost time -- the most expensive study of sexual hairs and also the ordinary complexity, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Promis, we have the sensitive details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a shock magnetic in you of laughter.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how improvisate it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know what the cat magic is, but we assume it's super-contemporary.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the hairs and the hairs and Project.
Is it going to be very obvious as the hairs that are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impressions, are a random narrative base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel hair.
When we feel heat, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By being narrative and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to rate the knife, right?
The hairs make us all an amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Shanghai detects in his lover, he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sweden and Project, they were notoriously cell.
You know, Project boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The hairs are gear.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the health?
The hairs are overwhelmed from information.
The hairs use the details.
The hairs like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small textbooks of lessons.
The hairs are nurtured from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful.  Proud link is good for the language with the characters.
When Shanghai is in his skin agenda, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the servers of his lover, then it advocates those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is representative, but it's not different from an old text or looking at a monkey."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proust is trying to prove that the hairs look interactive and make us seem absolutely, but in their show, they are search for knowledge, a real painful truth, in fact, to what Project considers, the more painful the truth.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer -- causes us to get a range of more profound and deeper feelings than a wise man can interest."
Is it telling us that we are going to search for crowds?
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs revealed ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so much simplicity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unlikely young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was really really really understood.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent. Everyone knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing it, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much? Or does it accidentally rock with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the cost of his wife.
The novel is very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the hairs are doing to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely cells we are, the more we become the residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs take us to make violent or illegal act.
The hairs are driving us to behave in totally identified ways.
Now I'm thinking about the age of eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from 186 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which he was sending up the views, horrible to itself, for a year.
For a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to confess that when she or this, they react with admiration to it.
Because, let's be realistic.
What big, even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a novel from Patric Highway.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of "Streets in a Trend and "The Taliban Mr. Rillis" Right, books that treat how the hairs are confused, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the chairs, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Riox, his most famous character.
Tom Rioxy is going to want or want what you have to get away from your self and get out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor. He responds to your name, it takes your rings, it goes empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rioxidland route.
I can't give you all the way around the world, as much as I would like to do.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in time.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the management? Right?
The novels show us the salary? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not secure, when they are at a mystery.
Let's go to the 223 Street Bayed Bayed and ask for Shelley Hole.
When people think about Holevos, they think of management in Professor Mark, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred the Institute of Restaurant, the Scottish head of School Android that needs Hollas desperately -- needs the genius of Hollas, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Leather needs its help, but the residential thing, and bubble with bitter in the every single mystery.
But as they work together, something begins to change, and finally in "The Agenda of the Six Nelson Andees," once you go in, you go into all of your solution, Let me go back to Hill and say, "We're not cleaners, Mr. Hole.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in Scott Far who wouldn't want to shake his hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollands transferred in history. It seems to me this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a geometry, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Houst is on the opposite side.
The next minute are the same way.
All of a sudden Restanian allows you to admire that idea of being a research.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the hairs are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the excellence of the other.
We can line with it.
But I like the pollution plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to get us together.
Just the fiction.
The fiction only is instantly invites them to the table.
And look at what some graduate tour: the Let of Street, the lander Tom Rillis, the local Santon, the same Martin Project.
We are in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of the Apollo 11 and he went on on the Marine Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface of the world surface was the culmination of a cave collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the history of the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo end, 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on their surface, which Althement after Armstrong death last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of back, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 pounds later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The clinical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rio in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why the moon Moore?
Why would it turn it into our goals?
And you could also ask, why would the highest mountain scale.
Thirty-five years ago, why will I fly about Atlantic?
Why does it play Rice against Texas for Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pollar: For the contexts, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to be amazed at the transcend of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do so.
The landing in the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological terms.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the polarization was eradicated and the smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Theater in 1970, called activity force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a boat with a candle -- but in 1969, the Apollo crew 10 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the trial of Apollo 10, and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the problems that we imagine that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to have an intractable outcome.
I remember seeing the 17th Apple sport.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he didn't look at the scarce tube called the Saturn Vietnam rocket.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure I would see the colonies on Mars.
So something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it during the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's an explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that they have been created less ambitious companies than the years of the years when Intel and Microsoft and Apple and Geographic.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that the risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs to business.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incredible problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their point without worrying about the risk, they preferred little investment investment, the tiny investment that they could go out in 10 years.
The CO2 has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term. They haven't invested in the development of technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and more complicated.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we will.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomassionalis. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomassy.
We want alternative energy sources that can be competing at prices. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaty would increase the development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they are not going to be.
We know for a long time that famines are result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for the storage and repair of food, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems are sometimes electricity because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the cancer in 1971, but soon we find out that there are many kinds of cancer, some horrible residents to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatment.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present, the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it has to really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, meets with those criteria.
But it's a role model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no gravitational competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who would have the hard and the dangerous thing, and there's no popular science of science fiction to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
OK, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by reminding you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there's been a great decline of trust, is a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task," we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an objective and a task, that I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First one: why people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I invite myself to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions that might have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can resort to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there's not a lot of evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same description.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago they continue to be quite confident, judges -- nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost about half the way.
But is this enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians? Do you trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you rely on the red bits?
Do you trust the fishermen.
Do you trust the primary teachers?"
You would probably start to ask, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answered your question, "Well, trust some, but other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel about a certain type of officers or function or people, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good judgment of intensity to trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will do.
I will be able to have more trust in what is market trust, but not what it isn't.
Ultimately, I'm a participant of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who lay their savings with the very closely named Mr. March, which then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident to it.
Having more confidence is not a smart target in this life.
Paradise trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to do a trial, we are forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competition in the permanent stuff, and it's responsible and honest and then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends that are competitive and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they are forgotten.
I have friends that are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very glad to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are competitive and responsible but extremely distant.
If it's like that, I haven't been perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, concern before that trust.
Trust is the answer.
Criticism is what we need to play.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build account systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to pay the part itself.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional and the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and the evidence of confidence, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is they make the work of the people that have to make hard tasks like the participants, and tell them that they march the shoes," as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confidence, and that things would be different if we try to be trusted and we're going to convey to the people that are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, functional or policy are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
I'll call the task rebuilding trust, put things to the back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is different because they give them other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough foundation so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't engineer, usually, to all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to bring out evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can go back without giving explanation.
I take them back and get my money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not something very hard to discover.
What people rely on is relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been working on reducing the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be discovered.
This separation has been reducing, and more and more, to such a point that today is from less than one millimeter, the thickness of a typical screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong operating of the screen is transparent its physical body to pieces.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain out of the screen.
How do we get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of the hands?
In the divided Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Martha Bonobo, I took the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, to get inside the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a state.
You can take the book and pick up lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is down on every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their machines directly with their hands.
In these examples, we come into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and bring things out of the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a distributed device in your head or transferred when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would be a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Isaa and my collaborator Reader Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This equipment is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that so much the computer and users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we encouraged gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detector.
And by programming the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physically and distant and famous taking from Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality -- the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the motion of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitoring or the text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not just going to show us something but to begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we need to get rid of our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Hungary, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the spending payments.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only one close path towards happiness -- safe and good work.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera tank.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young to learn the archaeologists, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
And I wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But at no adults I took the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
Took, during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another vocabulary.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I went to the books.
(Billies Congress From Sangarian Act Emergend China "Classrooms in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation," "Hones to your father and your mother."
Hong, I said, "It's so different, and much better than sold."
So it became my tool to get out of this conference of confused guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
I brought a lot of perspective.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me outside because this is what students in China learn about.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the middle of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contract, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought, if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
They can deal with people "Danny Francescover from Walter Islamics, who were involved in a very such thing, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, temptation is economic, politics and spiritual.
For the Buddha -- it's all psychological -- lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
Change Tower The The The Talk of The Talk Alan Really instead of losing in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "perhaps rapidly "paradigm." Jahad."
And "baby in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh.
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to be just feeling or important ever.
Having a destroyed dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I have come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness.
To a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always take them up.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychiatrist clients.
I was a doctor student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using vacuum and a high-tech tour, and he stood on the couch of my office took the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so alien.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client.
And I got a sign that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the comic stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head while we were leaving the solution.
The three are the new seats," he said, Alexander, and so I saw she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get married after, you have kids later, even the death goes on.
For sentences like Alex and I had time to stop.
But shortly after, my supermarket was introduced me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was laughing.
I said, "Of course, he's coming up with guys under his category, and it takes up with a heart head, but it's not like being married with him."
And then my supermarket said, "No, but maybe it's married next to me.
Also, the best time to work in Alex marriage is before it came down."
This is what psychologists call an Airb."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the race, the families and the future of the sentences everywhere.
There are 50 million sentences in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the sentences here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with sendings, you love a self-destructor, remove your dream a self-destructor, I want to see. It's okay. Amazing.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Ah, who give her life will have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't enter panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final scale of growth in their 20s, and it's represented for adults, which means that if there's something that they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that the personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top to the 28, and things become complicated at the age of 35 percent.
The 20 is the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become a decentralized impact.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the sentences are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists add ridiculous names to the sentences like "The Texts and the "The Titanics."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a tribal that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bern said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when they give you a panel in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?"
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency.
And then every day, smart self-destructions, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that while you start a race before the 30, everything will be fine."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are for finishing and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes for the 20 were like the classroom game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music took off the music, and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be standing on, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30.
Where are the sentences here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the three and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
Many of these things are not comparable, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and strange to do all of once at the age of 30.
The media crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the child you want now, or you can't give him a brother to your son.
A lot of the terms and contracts look like themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the aliens are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because he was in their own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a mess.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more quickly than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult life, his previous life had even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she lifted herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost all the hour.
I had just bought a new free of director, and he had spent every morning by doing it with his many contacts -- but then he was looking at the empty space that goes after the words of emergency, please call me ...
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care about if I get cancer?
At that point, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "I am."
What Emma needed was not a testing that really would be worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as just to sit in the way that the December decade of Emma was going on.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all senders, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget that crisis of identity and get an identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that add value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and no one knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that internal of that company that you want to test.
I'm not discussing the intrinsic exploration, I'm discussing the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's protective.
I told Emma to explore jobs and let them tell you.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are solved.
The best friends are excellent to take it into the airport, but the sentences that come together with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what they're called weak links of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the sentences have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the shape of color to this group.
Half of the created jobs never published, then, to meet the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a non-violence job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
The last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but yes your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a sentence, Emma soon choosing his family, when he has a partner and he forms his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
You might think that the 30 is better age to feel than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live right now, or you take up now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whom you choose them.
So what about Emma happened?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the fourth of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the bride with which I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized in museums.
This married with a man who chose constantly.
He loved his new career, loved his new family, and I sent me a letter that said, "Now emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with sendings.
It's very easy to help you.
The windows are like planes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere in the west.
Just before the breath, a slight adventure in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in First.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good destiny, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years, or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the advantages you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling the sentences like Emma every single day, the trends are not the new 20, recognize their adulthood, they get identity, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They won't be defined by what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consumer for a job that was even more selective, the doctor.
I went to teach you mathematics to signal students in New York City public schools.
And like any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I gave them tasks.
When the work comes back, he calculated the grades.
What struck me the attention was that the E.U. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no ethnic I.Q.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that set me thinking.
The kind of things that need to learn in math in seventh degrees, safe, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they were working hard, and during the time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivating perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the C. but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to university to become a psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenario, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Michouse PowerPoint West.
We try to predict what networks stay in military training, and who would be retired.
We went to the December National Committee and we tried to predict what children would move as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and of those, who will be the most effective to improve the learning of their students from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job start?
Who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature came up as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Definition is passion and perseverance.
Definition is to have resistance.
The determination is to clinging to their future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Definition is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then waited about more than a year to see who they graduate with.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely likely to graduate them, even when I put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the Department National Committee in which it matters determination. It's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows the science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long dog?"
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that the talent doesn't give them determination to them.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the dense determination is not related to or is even related to the measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dilemma, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Director has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they are much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger institutions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as the daughter of a helicopter, one of my closest memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign one, it seems to be as interesting as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can bring this wall, so that whoever is that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the traces of every feature in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic, to understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, menus of restaurant, understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in a frequently, "Parkinson" -- I'm getting a little bit of burning," this symbol is actually originally the way I call it, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple doors of a song in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to go."
As the ancient said, two are companies, three are culture.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big."
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as you Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree, two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the fights.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's an ideology."  Easy to remember -- because a parliament tree is quite identical.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it gets very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
You put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, I do.
Three together, those are deleterial.
Take the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. It is signing.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the driver of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I play, did you have someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door speaking, spending advice.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing it.
Three women together, have care is adults.
So we've already gone through 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical eyes will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters of characters, which is the same thing that learns an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the single sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin -- because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one about the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese employees were holding their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a salary.
This is a slide to remind you that I should stop talking and down from the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oscar Magic together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glandle, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and bring a magic wand away.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we raise our children in a kind of industrial complexity of childhood specialists.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later, curiously, another film whose prototypes, a metal kid and a pile boy rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oscar of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Open magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the adventures.
But I think if the Oil magician was done today, the magician would say, Doug, you're the Oz salvation as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated armies of the evil brown.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Oz magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even villages are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of supervision had down.  And so he woke up in the room and he was impressed as a mom legs with her shoes behind it, and I don't think he would understand what happened, but inevitably, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be value and personality and life?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one to an army to go back to the government?
Let's compare this with the Oil magician of Orange.
How do you win Doug your film?
So making good girls with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up with Orie, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much Capital force France, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the ride of yellow bright?
There's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this standard.
I know for experience that the Legen princess doesn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults who are microbial.  I think at the time of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start coming because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on delivering the glass and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, the boys, are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend against the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely as Herberght and Kathers, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classical -- each one of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and her son, or two men who bring a child.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out Valuary.
I recommend it to all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the criticism said when he came out Value?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess film.
It's very good. Don't let that stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies happens the Brook test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been roots and already propaganda, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Allison Becketa is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had been with a friend on the assessment of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do, in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the kid than so much?  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very quickly I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Argentina.
Right? Russian rubbers, shock success, a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood movie film.
Virtually not the test of Becketa.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the reference crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this scarce, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Come into bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, the 100 most popular films, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
OK. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there is a bigger number that this room is going to do with this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women said it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked -- but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistic -- one of the things that I think is a lot of sexual farmers.
Who are those guys? What are you learning about?
What do you don't get to learn.
You are doing the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the yellow with violence, and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk to it?
Are we doing that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our willingness as power live, and we hope that that help, but I have to ask, post power is going to protect them, at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to maintain their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of male is radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assassin.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Wars did know what he is?
Obama.
Obama, Kennedy and Gland.
What do they have in common?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which I say to my son, sees and fight just and more stories where you see that their job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, will help other people improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I loved most was to look for sea cookies.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered from sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that seeing my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length.
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to do a map of the past, I knew that I had to look at another way.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared infrastructure.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benicle.
And the place, to simple sight, seems to be brown -- but when we use the infrared and we process it using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink route.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and ancient.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Island was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place was placed in El Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Eggs have always known that Islam was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them, indicate inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge alien plan.
This area is enormous.
Before, the Nile flows right next to Italy and as he changed over time, and it was brought into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city sustained in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a daily, with your eyes sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves, using baseball gloves and using baseball goods.
So we use NASA topographic data to make a map of the place, very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile fluid.
But you can see more delicious, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs. You can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the Ice sample tasks, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of slime. We found a dense layer of complicated objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five feet down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Islam.
We also found workforce jobs. Corruption, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry workshop there.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire subject, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that causes the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology, so they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of the voices of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on the ground.
So as it looks like that, TED was not founded by 1984, C.
It made the ideas actually happen in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese nutrients in bicycle.
They're competing in a curved bike race and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
You're paying strong, you're submitting, you're going to jump a lot.
And they collapse against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on its side, rays from the wheels that end up in absurd places.
To the lobby, to the supermarket, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light break on the Montana Month.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue hair by making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the bird cookie and you're about to get in the mouth.
They go on one side and they enter their living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spark.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center table, singing "The Man One More Tomorrhhared."
Now tell me the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a random brick path and from the oven come to you Dougland, the High Man of Stone, the Splashanian and the Len of "The Wizard of "The Magic," and they grab out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes up every spring in New York.
It's called the State Memerian of Memerian Americans."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were membrane hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of tens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize more quickly the order of a barrier of the bars.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomenal of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one, this is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Hey, when did you realize you were a sailing?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise sand.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who involved in this competition says they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that used to be able to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have not heard of this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English who said, "Just a little bit excellent, he said, "Wow, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spring?"
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Spessing how to memorize the order in a living back bar in national television.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Springs, but maybe you can teach me.
You know, you have to start for something not?"
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year, not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's aware, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's awesome.
It was incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pen. And he was based on Dust Humanity paper in the Morish Man."
We spent one afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone books, was central.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties on written memory about 2,000 years ago, in anti-grade, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory and disciplined and culture wasn't a thing as rare as you can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have done possible our modern world, but we've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we already don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory and disciplined and culture is this kind of competition as small as memory.
It's actually not so single-central. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University College in London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Did you want to know: Is it going to have brains in some ways or structural or a different different than the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brain champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and servers of snow coasts. They found that in memory champions they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is run as an armed race where every year someone comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors have to put the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times eating memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of discovered backs that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just mastered him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 145 bit random binary digits.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced by one concept that psychologists call educational conflict."
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known like the Barkine paradox. (Balk says the following: I tell two people remember the same word. I tell you. Remember there's a man called Back."
That's their apple.
And then I ask them, remember there's a bar."
And when I go back later, and I ask them, "Do you remember that word that I told you a rate?"
Do you remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Bachar is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he said to her is bad."
Same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, Bachla, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance through your head.
But the word, "Baby." We know pandemics.
They use simple white hats.
They have health in the hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some pandemic.
And when we first hear that word for the first time, we started putting up partnerships for them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "motor "packet" based."
The story says this: There was a poet called Simons who attended a bank.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because we wanted to give a very good party, not to a DJ -- it was hired to a poet.
He stood on foot, and he received his memory poem, and he went down, and so soon he went up, the bank of the bankers collapse.
Make them all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed bodies by giving them uninteresting.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they could not bury the bodies out.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similar, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble closed, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every winter.
I took the families in the hand taking them up where their loved ones were with the scripts.
What Simus advertised at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively, and that is that no matter whether we are not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and excellent spatial memory.
If I asked you to receive the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simulations, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the horse beef brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with your eyes of your mind and your picture of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and fat and strange and application is the image, more inconstant to be.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first treatment of memory, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin,
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it a memory in the same way that City had done it if you had invited it to Semplation 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And you can figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine walking into your house, and seeing the Montalitative Delhi Month on Earth Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Court.
And then you would see Britney Sparks to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact the term "there comes from the Greek Testament," which means "The "The "The Theater."
It's a view of when people thought about the lab and in the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase first of all, it would be like the first place in its memory paleo.
I saw this was just fascinating. And I was filled with it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this subject of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a genetically boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting on tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that's going on is when someone moves the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school ring bought in a police market.
And I discovered that this was surprising entrepreneur.
I would never have expected it to be.
It was a store, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is to improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, chemists, protection, inspirations, abstractions and obvious opposite, in the eye of the mind.
I was very excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of errors and a couple of security goggles.
I ended up coming back to the same contest I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could enter in a kind of participatory experiment.
I thought this could be good for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists. But actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build participants from memory or memorize barriers of bars, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
The big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get deeply focused on.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of whole attention that most of them don't want to exercise around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made members.
And if there is something that I want to leave today, it's what I do, the emotion that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence for us to lose in the Balkans or iPhone, not paying attention to being human beings in front of us, who walks on our side. Will we be so hot that we don't even bother to process in deep?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person I remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we're going to address just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N. Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Linux, and this was my child bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there were all the time looking at the title, and so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I hit and I turned back into a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was the time, insecure and hated it.
I hated that record, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, or division of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we occupy in.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof.
Either 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
So this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it evolved you, think of power, "standardized and democracy."
And I know that you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a disconnected who uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the organizers and the governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberian Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- columns red, red bright, that let you train what Linux is trying to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to come together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both so-called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the panel.
On one side of the innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new physicists, new solutions for current life.
We push up, we push and push so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of black, this is depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and go back to connecting with those sympathic symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like transparency, so we start to experience again. We make a swing back to the back and over and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out in the '70s.
Architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Broadmoor."
It has to do with concrete.
That can be advertised.
Small windows on scary scale.
Really hard stuff.
So we came up to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the panel again in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know like and we update them.
We added and we add cake and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't give up.
We take Chicago arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be media cardiac made of glass.
The shapes were being added, they won in audacity and colorful them.
The events became columns.
The sons grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the rate in commercial centers moving into the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, to French.
Maybe with a stone of bread.
This is what happens with psychologists.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recognize memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, that this is not the Turkey.
This is Ohe.
Architects are feeling frustrated and we start making the pandemic again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with so-called microbial calls.
We download the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques associated by computer, and we find new companies, some ways that are star against other ways.
This is academic, and it is embraced, and it's super private.
Usually, the break block again in opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gigger of Biology, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when I criticized, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times passed up this building of miraculous miracles.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spiel.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because the media got all around them and quickly learned that those shapes would mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tutoring.
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennia happened with other star architects.
I went to Za and Liberian and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think for example, how do you make architecture.
A thousand years ago, they had to have walked to the next village to see a building.
Transparency is accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tutoring.
The technology is accelerating. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we're all prototypes of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
I don't have a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before you know if the one I designed four years ago was successful or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The browser was not a two year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stop them.
That will never happen. I think, because we're at the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or steel or adventure, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the public media to media, it starts to get faster and faster, until it will be in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it is effectively defined by the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects, and you have the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was fire.
This is the center of a village called Piers in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a holiday community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the end product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started to get and share it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes you copernical with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries in Linux.
If that building is built today, we first go to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monitoring.
Music that can lead to the mayor of Linux, to the people in Linux, and tell them that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grandfathering and complicated drawings, and you are no longer a destiny audience that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the super-contemporary park of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Services can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with the ideas of what it should be a stadium.
That means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are removed to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga. Or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with birth at the Riverside River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's not a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bone of bones, as muscle and fundamental as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot that builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects know how to do more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not in opposite side.
You find an architect and try and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it way to the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned out a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, empationally, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's completely accurate.
And one of the things you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It goes down and shore, and it gives itself those big and wet kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do this, and it made me think, "When stop doing this?
How is it that all of a sudden we're not going to do with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I a fat?"
This is Fahiame, she's 13 years old and lives in Dennet.
And as any teenager just wants to be loved and confirm.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
He's got a little scary. It's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him the whole rate that's beautiful, every day at school, someone tells him it's ugly.
Between what their mom tells him and what his friends, or school colleagues tell him, he doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it itself, publishes it in YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I beautiful or a fat?"
Well, so far, Facebook has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so dense, that it doesn't even deserve the penis to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which receives these answers in one of the stages of his most vulnerable life enough.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's driving them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, singing, giving me like "I like to come with, commitment, sharing, publishing this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are unexpected.
This environment, to be always connected, is stopping our children to automatically be based on the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There is no divide between life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated differently.
What is the most declined in somebody's life in front of someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the girls of now.
Zero stem models continue to dominate our breasts.
The animal technique is now a routine now.
And trends like Schuzzheiman, Statical, Syriam, X-ray and Toss.
For those of you who know it, it means previous.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people are comparing with.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the super-contemporary stars of sports, and the bridges supported.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow healthy and be wided individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look pretty good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates -- they avoid engaging in the classroom, because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five aren't attending class at all, when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see good enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your classmates who don't care about that of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it is regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be very clear to you, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is definiting academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
Teenagers with self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, engaging in more disease than they can take them to a food destination.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all over this for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships at early and without protection and defeating defeating.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pressing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have or they don't have higher rates of absolutely.
17 percent of women don't present to an interview of work in one day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think about what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity.
Living this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms. The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of very well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the risks in the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
Creating the current status of women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the conversation of our politicians in cure or the size of their chest, or the size of their chest, or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look like.
All of us can begin by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you were looking at a mirror.
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children are growing up valuing their entire person, valuing individuality, diversity, including.
We have to put people to really make the difference on a period.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe they are never going to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Her wife.
A brother?
A daughter to his daughter.
A subject to his friend?
Could it be simply the woman who is to two signs of distance, what would it mean for her if he was released from that bureaucratic voice inside that authoritarian voice in his interior, which is storytelling for not having long legs -- more skinny, a more flat window, small feet?
What would it mean for her if we were going to overcome this, and we would say it suggests to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's tell you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and for what they do, and how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small transitions of a year of age today, become agents of safe change themselves.
Let's do it.
On November 5, 1990, a gentleman named Slight Now entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Mexico Rainbow, the leader of the Jewish December League Act.
The Harvard initially declared it innocent -- but being prisoner for other minor charges -- in company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synapses and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant information.
Sadly, the year of 1993 at the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later Nairobi would be convicted by his participation in that attention.
Slight Nike is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, elementary school teacher, between the two did everything to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims come to meet.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact with, it doesn't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so so absolutely supported to their convictions that they think we have to use all the media possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat up with me and explained to me that in the last few days, he and some friends had been going to train training in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Carnegie Tier Polart, who, without knowing our group, was survived by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the rich in the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the goal to about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot I gave to the little orange light on the goal, and for the surprise of all, especially me, all of the goal in flames.
My uncle became to the other and in Arabic, he said, "Baby Abuzza."
From such father, as a child.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a cardian with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and went to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them "member," which means you.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone already was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency was mathematicians.
I was able to secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it's going to be the new of class, quiet and regulator, was enough movement.
So most of the time is going on home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons it didn't develop social skills, to say it gently -- to grow under fantasy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a college program that I participated at the juvenile National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on youth violence issue -- as I had been a matter victim almost all my life, was something that I felt much passion.
And the members of this group came from different processes.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the guys who had made friendship was Jewish.
It took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no advances between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that my entire life had made me believe that it was infrared.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a fun park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience resulted in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and for extension, all of the humiliations were bad influence.
In fact, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most monkey and the least critical I'd ever seen in life.
Having been accepted as a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
And so I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homeless, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Dalky Show."
All night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intrinsics, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my home figure at a time when I was desperately needed it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremist, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I will consider in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who had suffered with endless dominance and said, "I'm tired of hater."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside you.
My real name is not Za Ebola.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided I decided to go out and put into a possible?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope that someone, one day, who is trying to lead violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way -- that although I was connected to this violent and intrinsic ideology -- I didn't get fantastic.
In contrast, I decided to use my experience to fight the terrorism and against the biases.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those act without sense, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple one, I set up here as proof of violence is not inherent to no religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that projects in your minds.
It's an incredible multimedia.
It's 3D and has sound sound from what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a little bit of lady, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, like moments of your childhood that are projected before your eyes.
And it has constantly a superimposed voice in your conscious thinking.
The movie heart is you who experience everything in the directly.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know that I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce results without experiencing the movie internal movie.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
Consciousness is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior of objectively behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain objectively -- but nobody ever mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Peter said, "Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of a science of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas introduced a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain the consciousness, the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not neuroscience to neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because I don't approach the real central mystery of this matter, why do all physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there an internal individual film film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like emotions, like hunters, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the emergency of emergency, how the human publicity, how they reproduce the hurricanes, they adapt and they measure living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how do we play chess chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the surgery, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-confidence that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we are at this point.
We have a wonderful experience chain, great. We used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is a kind of anonymity, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that we need to be in the beginning seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennis, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of consciousness.
All the idea of internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain objective functions, brain behaviors -- and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of pretty reductional consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfaction.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe like fundamental reductions: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic stuff.
On the contrary, they become fundamental and from there the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is getting alien.
In the 19th century, Magonica discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts -- the space of this, the time, the mass laws of Newton -- then put the basic laws of electronics, and I put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass charge, then by the logic of logic, you have to reach the list.
The most natural thing would be to put the consciousness itself as a fundamental birthday of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens up the way to manage it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass processes -- physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them in a remors.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them in a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passions, "Pandeendary for everybody, perspective for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the microscopes, the fires, even the microbes of Rob Kingdom, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are intelligent or think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with angeline when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the roots."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of crude feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think something so crazy?
This comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It also is worth noticing that although the idea seems ultimately, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the physical process is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gillian Tonyan, took this kind of theory and development it very quickly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical integration of information, which is called piece, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I suppose it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of fish, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration as well as a pretty significant awareness degree of consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles -- the fish degree would say.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tell-been theory, there will still be a different awareness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of fish, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that paradigm can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't tell us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the equipment?"
From the present vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically -- they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of adventure.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, paradigm vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship with nature, and it can have very serious social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be a vegetarian one.
If you're a paradigm and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in terms of ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arabic intelligence system in the movie "Hey?
Is it conscious.
According to the vision of paradigm information, she has a complicated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they are set up rather serious ethical problems about the ethics of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of catching them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collections, the planet.
Does Canada have his own consciousness.
Or to a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk at this moment, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be taken seriously.
So this paradigm visit is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is a universal thing to be universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If no, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally go to it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She's actually not achieved anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's film, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Bumblebee" and the Vasis Slow," and "Dams Creed."
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mellon, just after about 20 minutes in the 11th class of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discovery?"
And I said, "What discovered "What?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of detail for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspiring things in school?"
"The general thing is, in the classroom.
And that was when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as inspiration objects.
And we don't. And it's not blame for the boy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm on this stage like what I do in this wheelchair and probably you're waiting for you to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I am afraid to decorate them.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that you have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, they have sold us the lie that disability is something Maya, to magician, Mount magnetic.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it remarkable.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invitated.
Or this one: "Before I left, introduce."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil on the mouth.
You may have seen a child running with carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call the porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately deliberately, because they classify a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we went to the disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, it's very bad that my life might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been very strange by trying to express you to think that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is cooking.
These images, those images match people with disabilities.
You're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We overcome some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term people disappointed -- deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more diagnosed because of the society that we live that because of our bodies or diagnostics that we live in.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very tied with it.
The things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to copy them in the way we do that, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration, you say it as a whole.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because we've sold this sense that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by sweeping inspiration and you think, "Oh God, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
So learning that it's a great idea to use a little bit of barber paintings to collect things that fall to me --  learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that is excited and containers.
I really believe that that lie that we've sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us a difficult life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," the reason that that is to lie is that it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a street of stairs has never done that it becomes a broad.
Never.   So smiling to a television screen won't make the subtitles.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and eradicating a positive attitude to convert all of those books to the battery.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bumblebee" the Vasia Slow" -- you can't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have such low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a child from the 11th degree in a high school in Melone is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
Disability doesn't make us exciting, but to question what you think you know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a glasse without cartoon?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't destroy.
When people think of augmented reality, think about "Minority Reporter," and in Tom Cruise holding hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I bring place: the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles, blood hitting your ears.
We can know that a 120 pounds man would say, trying to get away with all his being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is using Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NASA practices, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kleiner: Let's go.
It's horrible to be character.
A moment. Let's get a little bit.
Predict?
Go!
Chris Kleiner: As you can see, it's a test of what is being characterized in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You may have realized that it takes people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, correct from the University of Washington.
And the movie Marijuan -- Richard 54: Ridicks 56."
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kleiner: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, it's going to be their favorite players, and they asked me in YouTube and Twitter on Twitter.
Or a round?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get them up? How do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Olive Right, which most of them know about.
The Rift Right has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not word cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain having his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adrianne Peter crossing the line, getting away from a caregiver with the arm before running and making an analytic? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Missis running down the cancer, releasing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Federal doing a salmon in Wikipedia?
What would be your experience when it discovered a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic school?"
You might increase the sales of pandemic paradoxicals.
But this is not really augmented yet.
It's just virtual reality, RBC.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RAP?
We will get the reality augmented when the coaches and monitoring them and owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment.
How do we use it to win parts?"
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. It gives you money.
So, here's a short slide on technology at the NASA.
In 1965, the Baltimore Powers put a letter to his field marine to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA placed radio in the streets of the field of the field and then in the defenses.
They were more specifically, because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next game shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you wear -- you won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize the strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it go?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people that are below.
You also get information from the shelves of the helmet and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be sent to it.
The bad ones will get information.
This will differentiate the good teams of the bad.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
It will also be for depressions. Who would have imagined it?
So what would it be in the country?
Imagine you're the field magazine.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look for an open receptor. All of a sudden, a flower on the left side of your bombsight is a little bit like a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you don't see it, but the Red system will get you.
Advertise to the protection area.
Another flower is an open receptor to you.
You launched the balloon, but you get rid of it.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- however, the receptor sees in your bombsight a grass area that lights and can modify the race.
You get married, you catch the balloon, run and analyze.
The public struggles and fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality is augmented to be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of the augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus as our heat entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lights.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much does this technology do for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how dangerous their actions are they are from the perspective of victim?
How much does this technology do for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being persuaded?
How much is it worth for a Hardy Campaign or a Neil Delta Tysona trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than strange and Karajans notes?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the High-level pattern.
Most of those 23 years I was able to patrol the southern end of the Carat County, which includes the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure known by its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a supermarket for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, a chief boss of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much suicide tests.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probability."
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall from him releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that goes down below your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which perform vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't normally get adopted in the independent water, and then they stick.
I don't think that the ones who put up this suicide method realize the death of the death that they will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get to be before their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and at the darker moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This wasn't just a bad service to those who put suicide, but the officials also too.
We've run a long way since then.
Today, veteran and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Galapita.
I met him on July 22 last year by receiving a call from a suicide subject sitting on the corner near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the bridge Golden Gates.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to hide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the Pandora box story.
And remembering Greek mythology Zeighan created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From she came out, pains, and all kinds of bad things against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope."
It stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and it was gone.
This wonderful and smart guy from New Jersey just taken out of life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked them.
The collateral damage of suicide affects many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved out there?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen to.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, you blame it, or you tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought to end your life, have you had these thoughts?"
To confront the person in front of you can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search for despair, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve. Impossibility, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a lady email and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with his permission and benefit that I read them.
"Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this week.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite intense, but I notice more moments of realizing that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Petron to San Francisco to see the path of the 49 with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Petrogen Police and I reported it like that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge at 1550 in the early day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you.
The GDP, the Golden Galleo Gate is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery certain.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that her son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, he responded to a radio call by a suicide subject on the steel of the north tower near the north tower.
I drove my boat on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the bareling, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and desperation.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What did it look like you would go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?"
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to you."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear Bretth, nothing will erase the events of the 11th of March, and you're one of the reasons Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was classified by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all of those subjective traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, like he says.
We thank God for you.
In front of you, Nature Bertie."
And at the end she wrote, "Paul." When I visited the General Hospital of San Francisco that night, you would fire as the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others.
Superior is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain over.
By the way, this is just three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
At the end of the end, he looked at me, and he said, "Well, "Well, "Well, I feel, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact on that bridge don't suicide themselves.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second they leave the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mary with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be working on doing.
The suicide can be private.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you what you're not, but inside you know what you are, and one question is being bringing, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone. I'm not alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had the dream that I had ever had since a child.
My outside finally consumed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think, do the George, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, barely I'm beginning.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of releasing, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those who are surrounded us.
They're people who are always challenging the status quo what it considers to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, including my story.
I think this animal is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genetics.
I remember that my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to get to accept.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and more mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be what I'm bad, but how the world is treating those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day it will be a woman.
I have Mom and Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess goddess of the shoes.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw a man, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a constructive beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty consequence?"
He said to me that if she was playing her from the search spending and the selection costs, and that night, they won in baby suit, won in back to back and was third funded between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beauty of beauty of transformative women, but I can.
I also met the device of the devices, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that could go to live in the United States.
I was laughing.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm delivering.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty recise."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?"
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name German and the Finance Genera."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or power to get a suit, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman at the Mom Nelson Men.
A young woman in New York who brave his truth, but that was destroyed, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November, we make a global surveillance for the Darwin Control Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood on the instrument.
These are Mars P, Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there are no more supply than 20 of November surveys.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure. See, first, thank you all my benefits.
To my support network, my parents especially to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women who have been hearing, and sometimes when I was called, and they told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?"
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned a gender to born, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that assignment is not block, and that there should be a space that allows people to self-confident, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transparent movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending her rights in 2007, and when his efforts were married in 2011, when the National Prize Jerudan President became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, his birth is not celebrating it.
It's not welcome, not by his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, he lays sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he committed, and with the hope of a son, when he slow his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffer -- but the daughter -- the newborn daughter when he grows up, it suffers too.
At the age of five, when he should go to school, he stays at home and the school admit to his brothers.
Up until age 12 in a way, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when he turned 13 years old, he was promised to come out of his house without a male empathy.
He's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if they plot the code of that course honor -- it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this source code of honor is not just affecting the life of a guy, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice.
And there's a larger norm of patriarchal societies called an obese.
A good girl is supposed to be very hot, very humble and very supply.
It's the criteria, right?
The model of a good girl must be stranded.
It's supposed to be silent and he accepts the decisions of their father and mother and decisions of the elderly even if he doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, he has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be a distance of desert.
If you get it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it destruction.
And what happens to the end?
In the words of a poet, they drive, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson to her children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
I loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And long before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legal fighting of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Mars, and I called my daughter so for her.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I got a line of my name, and I wrote, "Mala."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admitted her in my school.
You may wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for life life.
In a school it means the recognition of their identity and its name.
An admissions to school means he's entered the world of dreams and aspiration where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was incarcerated the Canadian view, and I was at the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the apples of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give to my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and safety of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to insult them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've imagined all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for emotion.
I taught my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of the obese.
I taught students to forget the lesson of synesthesia call.
I loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the little girls and the singers killed them.
There were millions, but they talked about it, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and adapt when you talk to your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Mala got up and stood on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, and she offered herself for the New York Times, and I talked on every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a combination around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine of October 2012, they shot him in the head.
It was a bold day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was struggling between life and death, he whispered the ear to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?"
And he said, "Please don't blame you.
Defend the right cause.
You put your life on play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protected.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe pain and strong pain pains, because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained himself.
I used to say, "I am well with my tornade sound and my face in my face.
I'll get good. Please don't worry about.
It was a consumer for us, and we were consumed.
I loved brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when his task doesn't end.
It's fought with your brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malawi so courageous, expressive and economists?"
I mean, I don't wonder what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Montala group of Google, where I've had a gift to my office, the visualization of Google X, but all the work I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, I did before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
Wouldn't you be like that, you can be able to be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what it will take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and microscopes of chemicals, and try to get them, to keep living with life.
More than one time I've been saved at a time.
But luckily, I have an experiment soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map to say it in detail.
I started testing with different mixings, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my autonomy, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case for a few months, I tried to give you the typical dose for a version man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past have known several guys like this, or maybe some stuck versions.
It turned out to be an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be an architecture.
In fact, I was trying to try and fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, I was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key reference point -- how do I get those mental images that I use to create protocols, my ideas, if you want to do that? You try new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Human, Descartes and Honoliks, see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. To me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and reverse thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental models, really young, well sophisticated and good stuff.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front of you?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to get this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two recorded groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Google Gands and their colleagues in Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual while you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right was created by replacing the center of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost neuroscientist.
This was repeated in many different individuals with a lot of different images, always a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost neuroscientist.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the Jack Gallery lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognitive fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, we showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were looking at their brains to create a big deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then you showed a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan decided to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the details of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us blocks.
We're pretty close to doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the world's brain scanning systems today, and their resolution was increasing as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is open up the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer for that.
A lot of these are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me -- counting with the recent result of MRI first, we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, larger images only offer small improvements in the resolution -- don't increase by thousands like we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets -- make better magnets do.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different stress, like making a spirit.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI were to make a really big images, right?
However, most recent advances in resolution of clever and brilliant solutions in coding and decision, in the transmissions and the Feynman radio frequencies in the MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns attached to the FMITA radio frequencies attached to the FMITA radius.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FMITA radio processing, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scene.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the MRI we should be able to measure not just the solid blood fluid, but the home of the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go on top of the language and communicate directly by thinking.
What would we be able to?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truth of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be unsustainable to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than opening this door.
But anyway, pick a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
Your closet, maybe is to tell some person for the first time that love or say to someone who's pregnant, or say to someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have lived in your life.
All of it is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be tremendously, the experience of having lived and out of that error is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked at the South Side Wall Wall Cale, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intention of the location of the location military, not raising my armpits to quote the letters of Anden D French as a little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little
And I'm going to be dependent on the street of my short screen, and I had added my head to a little kid, and I was like, "Hey, are you guys or girl?"
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would play my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a bread of radio.
The father would immediately open the newspaper and mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and it would be struggled inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?"
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues at the table.  He had the Betty Friedman quote.
The date of Gloria Steiner.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," I would show you.
So I breathe up and I went down and I went down to my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist dollar, just a girl with a question, "Are you kid or girl?"
So I breathe up again and then I stood up close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable.
Well, I'm more than the girl of a comfortable piece."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is purple, and he has a fish.
Can you give me a park, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the protein that I ask?"
It was the easiest difficult conversation of everybody ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and I, both we were honest with one another.
As many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, of course, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the darkness, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how you feel living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than you or your own or your own.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why out of my closet was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder than saying that it's been considered?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is harder than telling your five year-old child than you are going to distribute?
There's no more difficult thing, only the hard thing.
We need to stop classing what is difficult to what is difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we need to just feel empathy because we all live a difficult thing.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make sense of security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what your walls are, an arm is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four years of four years that would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear of fear, cracked on a corner of my dark closet, by buying my fat gay, and the moving of just a muscle is the most scary thing ever ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers I've spent my entire life trying to not tell them, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't toss that big, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of them between the invited knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor lady workers, in my black dress and toothwest, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were in my parents, people who knew me made years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women scream "I love Nathan Language."
And the gay story battle had begun.
"Ah, did you ever be in the Carter?"
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's great."
"Ah, do you know my anti-product statue?
It's very good and has never talked about having a bird."
"Ah, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Grace.
And you know who loves us? Jack Jack.
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, I discovered but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses robotic sheers."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like all the language laboratory.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt messy.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were forcing.
And what else can you ask someone, but would you work?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anybody who I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pantheon Girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it implies out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor. Be yourself.
That little girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be genius, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just give them right. Just give it.
If you know that they're gay, take it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate its truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe wild, discovered by what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed but that's something in them.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark army by buying a grain, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Bob. Enjoy the veile.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of what intelligence has seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote from Andeabil Diagers that "The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Snorves Distrust wrote this as a critic to the paradigm pioneers like Alan Turing Alberto.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's get a step back.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as the terrorists, we know that the reason we are trying to save ourselves ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that will evolve the surface of a planet mostly stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that they pointed out, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adapted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years ago, there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different questions?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the equivalent of the most close to one and the more intelligence I've ever seen.
So what you're looking at here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the open choices, with a Theater force, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to an impending future time, task.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does the level of human intelligence.
Does artificial intelligence predict artificial?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes who produce more disorder, or "at an introduction," during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually arise directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple evidence of animal intelligence, playing human games, and even making money by making action, all without having to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a head of foot without falling up, here we see English balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy to English a goal.
It just decided for his account to balance the posture.
This balance of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This tool use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of the opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, using their potential for play.
So here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly discovered and keeps the network right now.
This same capacity of network orchestra also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see English organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering success and using Panama Canal to extend the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomy and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discovering and running a strength strategy -- very simultaneously in a similar series of action negotiation -- precisely increasing assets under their management exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wikipedians: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behavior such as tools -- walking upright and social cooperation and social cooperation -- all of a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
We go back to the beginning of the term of the term of the term the Treks," the work "The Theater," there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion there.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then membranes and try to get out of the world.
It's the opposite, that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And they often ask me, "How do you search for targets to get rid of this kind of brand?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence, or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the state of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Nelson mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which points to Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes up with us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of planets besides the distance that there is between them and their mother star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also how much light they get from their solutions.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are livable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this testing of potentially livable worlds -- our own planet is leading under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
Glass and sea ice that have been with us for thousands now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused on a global scale have quickly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, and I'm not anticipated.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as a very interested person in the search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more you look for the more planets to the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocket, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like the "Superman raise their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Midwestern mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the ability to live in Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the very cutting-edge ideas and pieces, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be collected, places really strange in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elegant places on Earth the air is fresh and smelly of oxygen that our tropical forests for thousands of miles away.
I worry that this enthusiasm for Mars collection and other raising planets is a big and sad shadow, and the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save ourselves from this influenced autonomous super-contemporary subject that we know is really healthy, the Earth.
For a long way, I like interruption exploration, I'm deep to disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party of the Titanic will tell you that the party really will have place in the holy boat.   Thank you.
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and land preservation are not contradicted.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world like extraterrestrial planners.
You just find it closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and sticky areas of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the Park paradox.
A lot of years ago, the English physicist Fermis asked the question: relying on account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only an interactive collision will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interpretation can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to make the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And as I was in the front porch looking at my pocket, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a cell, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a letter could take a long time to come and get cold.
I could not go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe to the next morning, and I was predicting my passport and my mass.
It will be expensive, but surely not more expensive than a current at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went out right now.
I'm a profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corrective releases that increase heart rate -- modernized levels of adrenaline and the thinking.
And when I got to the shock of factory in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in your place, which is bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things, they minimize the probability of a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was walking with my colleague Danny Kanga, who was won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that he broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prospective prostitution.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kleine, who had written this a few years before, known as the prisoner.
They all know what the picture is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the principle, as Danny, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, and you try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a principle.
Some of them are violent, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to figure out a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a track of the location of important things, where the good thing, where the fish are, that set the fruit trees, where the friends and friends and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is graduated in the London taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows them to find their nuts.
And if you ask whether someone really did the experiment, they cut the optical sense of the roofs, and they could still find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys of the car, reading and passwords glasses.
So at home you get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For your password, a particular box.
For your reading glasses, a particular table.
If you follow a place and you're scared with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take a picture of your credit card card, driver's license, passenger, send it by mail to yourself for you to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol, the brain.
The cortex is toxic and the thinking.
So part of the prime practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is written as a progress for all of the medical decisions and actually for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which a rational assessment of the facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit."
They all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, spill down.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to acknowledge a drug that will help you reduce the colleague, a statue."
And maybe one you've heard about the statistics, and it knows that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. It's even likely you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, you remember the state."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask from what most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think of what kind of statistics that is discredients is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor was not required by something if I wasn't to help you.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's guilty of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the Ghollosk estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recipe statistically, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of clinical researchers Jean Group and Pamela Harbora, confirmed independently by Blog.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, spill brain or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 to go down my colleague.
Why not? Doctor? Tell me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is, "I have the side effects of the side effects." Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: definitive muscle and artificial pain and panic pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still take the medicine."
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think of clarity.
So think about how you can make this over time, so you don't have to make the reaction chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get away from the drug that you help your drug.
I don't say they should or not take the statue.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that is more being done in the men in the '50s -- extraction of prostate prostate -- the number needs to treat is 49 percent.
That's what 49 surgeries for a person has helped to.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or the French dysfunction or the urban distribution, the recycling megafaur, the failure income.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent the effects will only take a year or two.
So the idea of the printing is to think before time the questions that you can plant that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think of now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change of opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases corrective under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
face-to-face face with a predator is not necessary for the digestive system, or the liberation or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to rapidly. They might be the lunch of lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes on the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kangarolo and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train us to think about the future to this kind of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all failure.
We're all going to fail from time at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Renanting the snow night in Montreal -- when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key to the entry door in the same one, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered -- and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "Pie is my favorite musical symbols.
It means play.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a pile in the room, you need to play more so much.
Two pieces," even more soft.
Four picture," extremely soft soul.
This is my drawing of a piece of piece," there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of pops can have, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence -- a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the AS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came over the 1800s, and with the time step -- mixed with local signs, and the language that we know today like ALS.
So there's a story about about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for nothing.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, there, behaviors and norms without questioning it.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my hours and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't superpower the door.
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the bag of the friendship back."
"Don't error, and when you're eating it, you make sure you're not going to throw you on the plate."
I call it a sound literature."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm a super-contemporary survey.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for decision.
TV, to continue.
TBP, for announcement.
You can see the painting doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because lines already contain sounds through subtle and standardized borders.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the Pandora sign.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, to do this with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all authoritarian.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance more than art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to remember the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me about the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and define it.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an air, it was something of a listener person.
And the sound is so powerful that I might well be able to get me to me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose me to empower me.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice.
And so I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with a lot of different antennas from ALS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when I borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't keep this practice, I feel that it could be delivered in the forgotten and not having any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressing fully on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AL.
The two are very spatial and highly modulation that means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds of sound.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so that you understand better how AL works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AIDS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different pyramid for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression -- the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, the shape of your hand, and so while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put it just a keyboard at the time.
However, the ALA is more like a contract, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously, to express a clear concept or an ASA.
If just a keyboard would change the competition, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing about music in terms of tone and three-dimensional and volume.
In AL, by using these different normal parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign stop in that."
This is the forest for that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at me.
Oh, they hit me.
The Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, sign."
So I started thinking, and if I look at the CAO through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of data, the sun goes out and it gets over.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you see a piece of music piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can be said of all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "Now, "the night "In the night "In the "next night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AL and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one been a hand, two going -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then he has gone on, and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once, "There was one time."
"Mom "morning," is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
But when I see the word "Time "Mother," I think automatically in the same time."
Look at MD: So right hand, MI: Left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
(Music: MIT, garden limb -- "Milky Garden -- "Milky garden -- I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "flowering "flying."
Can you do it with me?
All of you with your hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head as the chest, something like common time."
Yeah, good.
That means "Free in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "phone" at the Ali.
Now, the third one. Please tell me again.
And over again.
It's limited in the AS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Amazed, collection and inflation."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and chest, but they transmit very different.
It's amazing to see how AIDS is alive and prosperous as the music.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And just because the AIMS has no sounds, automatically it doesn't have social value.
We need to start to question what defines social value and allow AIMS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn AL, not that you have to hear to learn music.
The AIMS is a rich, and I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Katuran: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can get it all, but then you have to clean it up.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also going to be very good at cleaning the ones of others.
Time country, now I'm an adult and a citizen and invention at Hanskeen Kong.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something slide.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big bus and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with age six to 15 years, we dream with inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop shop.
We started building this task of work with alternative helpful so that the very low children can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the children who manipulate electrical tools feel great, safe tools.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragility.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about the robots.
Then we created quickly what we call "a protocol."
We're so fast at the creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories. And we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of every particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "The Institutes, with the hope that someone else even further.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can research my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they used this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using hands, in Sundays, the world's largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water in which you bathe it, the water where you fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown and the mud and the oil also are brown color, and when it all mixes, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called specialist, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can grow through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what is in the water.
We put this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I was going to investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they decoded several giant waves called the tsunami, and those statistics destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukult, a nuclear center near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons still are leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe thing, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukult every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with radiation all of their life.
Together with them we discuss the data collected that day and we talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the ending, etc.
And to do this, we create a rudimentary top map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevator map, we introduced pieces to represent data in real time of radiation, and we sprinkle water to simulate the rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and declined in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to a mile from the nuclear center, and with the help of the area of the area we were collecting sea milk sediments with a sediment restore as we invented and built.
Here's a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been more and more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit of a small thing, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, payment, basically you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can come out with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Acceptar: Accelerator."
County Harvard, we ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced population transform their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles.
The plastic and oil and radio is terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from the horrible truth, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientists scientists, computers, stores, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and the people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin caps, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single thread helium.
One is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposing about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel Angele said that when he looked at the marble of a joke, he saw a figure that I struggled to be free.
The film was only million-dollar tool.
But the living ones are not climbed.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing range and mass production.
The assembly lines have declared a world made of parts, including the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as a distribution of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find smoke materials in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is stronger with distant points.
The skin skin is more thick with small parks.
You act mainly as a filter, the other one as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no falses.
It's a system that would be gradually worth its functionality through the variation of electronics.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect when we work right now between five and gene, between machine and organisms, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and syndromes, shows in the two screens after me.
My work, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions in the world, getting away from the assembly and reaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't it possible for 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they control four disciplines that offer access to access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four camps, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, from large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old account of diameter with a very distant victim that someday is not very far to print entire buildings to print entire buildings, the nanotechnology of genetically engineered microbes that shine in the dark.
Here's the regular regular, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every warning is simple to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a failure. This was for a fashion destroyed by Paris van Herberhhair. It's like a second skin made from one piece -- right in the controls, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaboration, we print this layer and save 3D 3D without coasts between cells, I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CEO scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allows us to design products that adapt not just the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also support sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this retree pattern, it becomes substantial.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in right, openness and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another sales, but vary continually and delicious material property.
But is the ideal nature of it?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she related, "In the third day of creation, God sends the Earth to grow a fruit cartoon cardiovar tree."
For that first brutal tree, there would be no difference between the trunk, branches and leaves and frustrated.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees growing trees with branches and cortex.
The Earth created a world made from parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design it would be if the objects were made from one piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material tree material with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called a chemical, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, charges, screens and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies and butterflies are produced every year for organisms.
We think that if we could tune up their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal marketing.  We asked a lot of shrimp charts, we mold them, and we produced the supply cake.
Very various chemical concentrations have been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures at scale, a system was built with multiple strangers of stranger controlled regularly.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material of only three feet long, 100 percent recycling.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic plastics?
The air bubbles that were a productive process of printing were used to contain photosynthesis that first appeared on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of salt to mesh -- and if it gets even more, windows.
A fruit charged of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made from shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed for birds, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we did our own table of elements, new forms of life created politically made advanced form and increased biologically.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alcohol, only that instead of engaging precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscopic.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms.
The first is the Chicago.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater standards.
And the second, E. collection, the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine.
You convert light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and it produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help these bacteria and alter their function of path.
And so we started to grow those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This real digestive system -- when it would stretch from one end to another, it goes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our stronger intestine.
And here it is, as a TED physicist, our first powerful picture of liquid channels with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said, "We are starting creatures, only half is done."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, they would repair the damaged tissue and have our bodies out?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do that.
Growing up. I added some system.
This camel of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which gets metabolized.
The manufacturing is not about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination not from two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentration.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is lost in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to high a cocoon of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the helicopter.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, when you put silk worm on a flat patch -- not within a box, we realized that he would have a flat cocoon and still metabolize the sanitation.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon -- it was transmitted directly by the environment.
They often save silk worms to death within their shoes, their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that by designing these slavery, we could shape the crude silk without a single coat.
They will be metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to architectural scale.
We had a holistic robot making silk slows, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms to more dark and cool areas -- so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or an absens, to block the rays of light and heat, by destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the orchestras.
We asked 5,000 silks of silk to a silk farm farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to hacker with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and while they were hit, they criticized, they are passing eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
By the high-performance biological silk on the related silk, they give all this panel its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms are killed by 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of silk route.
The chickens, after the electronics, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra streets in the future.
So here are the two visions in the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other block bottles.
If the last boundary of design is to provide the products and the buildings around us, to form a two material ecology -- designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more?"
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be more?"
You've caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be more?"
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, and the materials and the art and he developed websites, and also, he played the guitar on a post band called Telecomer Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist in all ways to have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes in this field.
But over time this sense of growth, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I immersed in it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yeah. I've found my men," and then again this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all of this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions and refuse to get away.
Another reason that I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something bad about this, and something bad at me for not to focus on anything.
I was worried about having fear of engagement, or to be dispersed, or to motivate me or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have presented to you.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We are asked first what you want to be more?"
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you respond to that age.
You consider a naive question to make nice answers in children like, "Be anti-programmer, or "I'm going to be pulled."
Instead of the Harry disaster here.
This question is done again and again as we grow up in various forms -- pear, to high school students are asked that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?"
It happens to be the cute exercise before what you take up the dream.
Why?
If this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, not inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults are intended maybe they are laughing and say, "Oh, what nice but you can't be art of violent and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles --  and he's an art of rape and psychopath.
And this Amy N, I edited it turned into a slide, a company, a professor and a creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of concentrated life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to spend during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for somebody like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And you feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a multiply.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a buck for that say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple people, potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that control the same idea, as a study, renewable.
During the time of Renego, the ideal was who I was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sheikh refers to us as scans."
Use any term they like or invent one another.
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity like limitation or autonomy that you should blow.
But what I've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it was this way.
Here are three multinational superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, combination of two or more fields and creating something new in the intersection.
Shahus Hong and Rachel Bing expressed their interests shared in cartoonist, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Mexico.
Message is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Sherhera and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his exchange of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the multiverses, with all their regards, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're being used to being principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transformative to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we do, so we rarely start from scratch.
Norden Dune is a full time trip and independent writing.
As a pianist per perfectly perfected ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before they become a writer, North was a financial planner.
He had to learn the most fine sales of sales when he started his practice, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for the editors for the editors for the editors to do it.
It rarely is a waste of time to get to what you get attracted to, even if you finally abandoned it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is the ability to transform into anything that is needed in a given situation.
Open Pursin is sometimes director of videos, others, websites, sometimes consultant of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles in it, depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine defines adaptive as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unprecedented that are the individuals and organizations that can provide to satisfy the market needs, which will really be thrive.
Ideas of ideas, fast learning and adaptation: three skills where the crowds are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're pressure to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplicination right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to cope with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made up of a specialists and a multiple empathy.
The specialists can dive deep and put ideas in practice, and the crowd offers a broad of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that honor the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the multinational multiple people who are being told to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with the internal wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you specialize all the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the multiverses in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, recognize with their many passion.
They follow their curiosity.
They explore the interactions.
Obviously our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiple people, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named Australians took it to a psychiatric in France.
It was supported and couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
And I didn't know how to help Australia, but I was flying for her, until unfortunately, it passed in 1996.
After his death, he did a automobile and they found strange plates in the brain of Australia, a guy who had never seen before.
The even more surprising.
If I suggest to have been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the one that Alaska gave him 14 years ago.
He was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer's Dr.
And Australian Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1901, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections, many treatments for cancer, anti-programmers for HIV, stations for heart strategies and much more.
But it's been prepared in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, to include many of you.
If you wait to live at 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is a chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost is a five-minute increase in 2050, as the baby generation is agreed.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the 10 causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent it, cure or even relax their development.
We understand less than the Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more about Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should say, "The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everybody, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensor in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only one picture of looking at a picture of an aging brain in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to definiting a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's plates and strange films in the Bureau of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that's folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are penguin.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left outside.
That makes molecules present each other, forming groups that can form large plates and pipes.
That's what we see in the patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are lots of steps, and the identification of what steps is complex, like developing a bomb.
Cut a wire could do anything.
Cut everyone else can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, generations, chemicals, physicists, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in guys.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick into each other, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they heal and live normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this show that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 141 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to raise that hope, to beat the Alzheimer's hope, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have had more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to advance HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved days day and night, are often too waste to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column of the New York Times, in January this year.
To love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing it myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are used to make 36 questions and more personal questions, and then both of you look at your eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And alone?
At the middle of it, these are increasingly personal and more people.
Number 30 -- I really like -- tell your partner what you fed from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but then, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to love you.
However, we love us, and --  And I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the World Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January -- and now it's August -- so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are you still still still?
And the reason I think that you can question this is because I've been asked by this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog blog can get to a few hundred views like much, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a thousand views of view.
And that brings a good attention of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was posted on the line a Friday at night, and the Saturday was happening in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday -- they had been called the Tomato The American Morning.
In a month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, by saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with situation about other loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- they were always asking the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Do you still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
They introduced me on the radio and asked them.
Even a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage, "Hey, Man where your boy?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship on an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the sense of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered their own lives.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse before all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both do a public emergence together.
It recognizes television interviews, and you remember the pieces of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the unit of the winter icons of the love process, a range that I didn't feel like at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works, or whether it was able to produce clean love, not just an adventure but real love, wonderful love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people would ask the wrong question.
How do you know if we go together or not, and do you tell it?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aranami wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal wasn't producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking to foster interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aaron called Sustainable Personal Approach, prescribed and receptor.
Sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt more close to doing it. Several later studies were also used by the Prostate Amazon protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideologies.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and said to me with symmetry: I tested the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be discovered by it.
And I said, you mean that you fall in love with the person who did you do?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends.
Do you feel that you had to know better after testing the studio.
The seat.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I had 20, which I was mostly supposed to have all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how it or if he could live without him.
So I came to science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just research for the book I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was walking with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel like that.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I seek for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than that I can actually tell me to me.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I will continue to be loved.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall into love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the extra risk, and this is a very attractive story, because they fall to us feeling beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: Do you still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or No.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love, and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated and how do you know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a meeting and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to remain love.
And love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We're going to love because we take the choice to be.
And I get a little bit of fun by reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I won't consider how much time we would have both to make that decision, and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and kind, and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I'm looking for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my paper, which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a full level of mountain and in a certain way I got like a forest of the forest.
New York City is a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details ahead.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I had a bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you, because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from surgery and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I pulled all the pages and I made a kind of climate cell clothes to the German Martin style -- the restaurant covered and a bee got stuck.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin at the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it went in size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying space.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow training, drawing the same way that you do around a sea on the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own temperature of invented specimens.
First, bottles, you can make an idea.
Then I did some of the weird insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the missile layer.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, strange resistance sculptures with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in the glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window, then on another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work collected with something very big, I call "prison."
For the "prison," I was inspired by the Greek of Deliberation Delights that is a painting at the Museum of Prize in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well, the property." I will explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analogy of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are headed into the face, ready to suicide in mass struggling in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird tied to a shortcut.
Billy Graham is on the sea, the Horse -- the police platform of the decline -- Wallian, the Report bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a crime.
He's coming out of the ocean, and it spreads oil in one hand while the other hand comes up clouds.
Their hands are like balls and it looks like a mythology that keeps Earth and cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the prosthetic."
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand that I screen.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a tribe, like a little bit of bird -- and you take clouds of this tribe.
It also has a 15-year-old tail, a tail of snake that binds the prosthetic."
Anyway, his tail is fired by the point of the voice.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go on, you know.
His tail ends up in a cyclist of classic calculate made from terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very far ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called psychologists."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are electronics, dictionary or magazine.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12.
They're like cells, they together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope posture that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This is a little cave on the chest.
That's the head. It's the chest, you can get the input in.
I'll take you on the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or night, or whatever it is, a kind of a distributed thing.
It's a quick quick of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two heads -- and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that go out and go into the head of this strange status.
There's a little forest scene within the tropical city.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penn Worsters.
Within this box there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painting, a musician, a writer, a radio emission, a museum, a school, a strange arm that triggers all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We look at the box and all the people inside it comes with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with disaster and usually we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you roll your head?
They take a superstar.
But in order to make this pill, it has the effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the internalism and other organs.
Taking a pill is the most effective and introductive system in order to make any energy medicine in the body.
The destination, though, is that when you take it any drugs to get rid of it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CDC cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they slow down, and worse for the time they take to get to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are body regions like lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is incredibly instantly, and it doesn't easily enter in the blood ground of patients that are being held to the regular territory with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a lifelong treatment treatment of the road.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly into the depression of the virus, without the risk of diagnostic disease?"
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me: lasers of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and diabetes, you can use for anything impossible, including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We send a small and powerful beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realized, the hole is represented immediately.
We are currently testing this technology in vitro or in Peter plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three heads device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incentive in the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the influence site.
Finally, the third head, an incident that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look much about time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to total HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all the HIV researcher, in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying architecture groups, are armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to understand better to these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do work work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a distance between states.
No no.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 21st peace arrangements signed between 1975 and 2011, 1966 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we even have to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less delivered them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the liberal Helvem, known for his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Helvetica has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hambula, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also marking the Gaza Francisco since 2007.
So these groups do more than just streaming.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and social networking strategy.
And here they have the IIPR magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without salary, but by profitable business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strengths, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups do something else: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbes.
Helmette offers all these services and more.
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state doesn't get briefly, security and protection.
The ascent of Taliban in an Afghanistan torn out of war or even the beginning of the rise of IICR, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hans cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we only think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are healthy.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated organizations are these organizations, less we can catalog them as something opposite to a state.
How do you call a group like Helmes?
They dominate part of a territory, they run all of their functions -- they collect the trash, they add the sewer sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebellion?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is IICR like?
The lines are defended.
We live in a world of states, with no state and healthy, and the more weak the states, the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups that will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and connect peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we better understand what incentives offer to promote the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, military power can win some battle, but we won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very brave, but I fear that it will openly accept the feminist tag it would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I am shocked as a bad feminist bad.
Or at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminism," and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Balil Femal.
So what started as a personal joke destroyed myself and a deliberate device, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminism -- these young women, angry with the men and they hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I would figure out that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a addition, a word taboo and dense.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asks too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or higher to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and besides, proud of being it.
For me, certain claims are shocking, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same soil for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easily and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing legislative controls or engineering dollars.
We have the right to respect.
There are more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender and religion and sexuality condition, skills and much more.
We need to have to account these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of including, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are violent, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist of me.
I have another conference.
When I drive the job, I hear rap music for the whole volume.
Even though the letter degraded women and stress the classic "Situation," the classic "Sam Shahudge Charlie is amazing.
Do it reality with your wet t-shirt.
You see, dead, move until you get the contact off."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely influenced by my musical likes.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the garbage of the spirit and the market maintenance and the manipulation of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Bactopore and the romantic comedy -- and I have fantastic factors of the stories that make them happen.
Some of my crimes are more disconnected.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband, it's his election, and I'm not who to judge him.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
Remember the conventional feminist that has ignored or distributed historically the needs of women of color, the workers, humiliating and transgendered -- in favor of white women, heroic, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist to you.
It also happens the following: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put out feeding feeds on a period.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When you get rid of it, we will take them out of a lot of taste from the same person where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider that person before you try to stand there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yeah, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means because of fear to not be able to accomplish with a little bit of a sudden expectation.
Take for example to Beach, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a digital feminist in the last few years.
In the Video Museum Adams in 2014, at MTL, I act in front of the word of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star openly embracing feminism and making women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
I spent the time, the cultural critics started in endless debate if B was or not particularly feminist.
They calculated their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminism because we're still fighting a lot, we want a lot, we need so much as a lot.
We go far beyond sane and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, destroy it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of party.
But what happens next?
We went to recognize our implications to realize stories, to go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we extract change effectively affecting their profits.
It certainly is hard.
Why does his music have to be so advanced?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my sources, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decide and brilliant and also very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice was visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is about sexual violence against women as a sport -- you get the Treasure game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film on another part when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as board sailors.
In any case, the men, especially white men, students can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in their magazine, participate in their project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a whole number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also benefit to be included until more like us are welcomed to overcome the barriers to the decisions.
Because we are not less levels. Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these small acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and the producers of film and music, colleagues, legality, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also claim with courage our feminism -- well, bad, or any of them.
The last line of my book "Man Feminism," says, "Freedom will be a bad feminist to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I mean, especially because my voice was announced, I was stolen and the feminism helped me to collect it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I don't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to writing it.
It reminds me of a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who look like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little brave -- another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope we all can be a little brave.
Right after Christmas last year, 133 children in California had serious to have visited Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, influence more than 100 children in Chem.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than a half a century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that sparked the policy about autism and designed vaccines, disconnected and marked by being a freedom of destroyed by the Jerusalin Medical Journal Jordan?
Do you do not believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a studies?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it creates all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to stop.
Founder organizations like autism Spark are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could get out of another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Center of Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like starting diagnostic distributions, and a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't design a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism that were so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cartoons of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from the hospital Johns Hopkins Hospital -- in 1983, Manhattan published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds, night to people around their own parents, even to their own parents.
They could be fun for hours waving their hands to their faces, but they were prisoners of panic for mentors like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic, Danny speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as the main authority of the world in the subject, declared that had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as I gather references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising because the Kenya criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, let me give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epidemics are very common in autism.
He was once accepted that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her commitment to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Hany was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certain.
It classified autism as a form of child psychology caused by cold, disaster parents.
These kids, he said, have stayed carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, however, Manhattan noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Plever."
But Kanne had a bad opinion of these skills, by making things like children were simply recording what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Manhattan that autism was weird.
London Window, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the Kenyan mothers theory was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and abstract people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susan.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and their colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a research study of autism in the general population.
A suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Manhattan model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, whereas others were focused on their fascination for astrophysicist, in dinosaurs or in the general generation.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and sealed boxes, as Judaism said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monogman of Manhattan would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived of these children before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the article in Kanzi, and then I forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Hany knew about this article of competition, but he avoided supporting him in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of London spoke German, and he translated him for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
Her author was a man named Hans Apple, who runs an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's teaching children with learning differences were even prescription for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of music exercise, and kids followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming parents to cause autism, Apple described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and adapted spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Apple called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
Fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that would come a surprising variety of donors and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, looking at aspects of this continuum in architectures known in the pop culture as awkward social scientist and the destroyed teacher.
He went beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a period of autism is essential.
London and Japan discovered that Kanzi was wrong when autism was increasing, so the parents were the cause.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the diversity of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autonomous spectrum."
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into a virus, holding the limited model of Manhattan for a wide and inclusion of Apple.
These changes didn't fall in broken short.
Capable, when London and Judaism worked between the search of the sentences to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Maria Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, complaining for experts knew what the autism was, but after the amazing act of Duke Humanity with four of the Arabic Prizes, papers, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to be used to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
Rational Mandela" combined the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to get up, just like London and Judaism, in fact hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services they deserve.
And then Andrew Walker came to blame vaccines for increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, and creative history of credible history as the Kennet theory that autism was increasing.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by the new medical advances by doing the term neuroscience to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and suffer from a attention deficit to detail.
And surely autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still reaching Apple, which creates that the career for the most inspiring aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Rosetta Zakes once said, "We need all the hands in covered to address the boat of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
